Behind every mouse click and touch-screen tap, there is a computer program that makes things happen. This course introduces the fundamental building blocks of programming and teaches you how to write fun and useful programs using the Python language.;
This Specialization builds on the success of the Python for Everybody course and will introduce fundamental programming concepts including data structures, networked application program interfaces, and databases, using the Python programming language. In the Capstone Project, you’ll use the technologies learned throughout the Specialization to design and create your own applications for data retrieval, processing, and visualization.;
Take your first step towards a career in software development with this introduction to Java—one of the most in-demand programming languages and the foundation of the Android operating system. Designed for beginners, this Specialization will teach you core programming concepts and equip you to write programs to solve complex problems. In addition, you will gain the foundational skills a software engineer needs to solve real-world problems, from designing algorithms to testing and debugging your programs.;
This MOOC provides you with the foundational skill set required to write computer programs. If you are interested in learning how to write interactive, graphical programs from an introductory level in a real programming language, this is the course for you. You will begin by learning the basics of editing and running programs. Then you will learn how to create 2D graphics using shapes and coordinates. Finally, you will learn how to create interactive graphics that you can control with the mouse. You will even solve a set of interactive puzzles using your coding skills in the Sleuth game which has been created especially for this course. The course uses the Javascript language and the p5.js library.;
Me llamo Elisa Viso y una de mis pasiones es la de programar y enseñar a programar. El lenguaje Java es uno de los que más me ha gustado en mis 45 años que llevo programando. Si bien te podrá parecer un poco complicado empezar a programar en Java, una vez que cubras los conceptos básicos verás qué rápido se avanza.Java, como todos los lenguajes de programación bien hechos, te dejan hacer cualquier cosa (algunas de ellas con más trabajo que en otros lenguajes y otras casi directamente de cómo piensas la solución al problema). Pero una vez que pasas esa primera etapa, programar te va a hacer sentir casi como un sacerdote de un culto extraño, que puede hacer que las cosas sucedan a placer, se vean exactamente como tú quieres y obtengas una satisfacción enorme de haber construido algo que puedes ver y repartirlo para que otros lo usen.Este es un curso introductorio a la programación en Java. Como Java es un lenguaje orientado a objetos de propósito general, revisaremos los conceptos básicos del lenguaje como clases e interfaces. Veremos los ingredientes básicos de una clase como constantes y variables, funciones (métodos), y cómo organizar estos ingredientes dentro de una clase. También veremos la utilización de clases de las bibliotecas de Java.En el primer módulo revisaremos el concepto de orientación a objetos aplicándolo en la vida real.En el segundo módulo revisamos una herramienta de diseño orientado a objetos, llamada tarjetas de responsabilidades, y a partir de estas últimas diseñamos los encabezados de los distintos servicios que se van a dar, codificándolos en una interfaz.En el tercer módulo terminaremos la construcción de la clase que corresponde a este problema, aclarando términos comunes en Java, revisando la sintaxis del lenguaje y la autodocumentación con la que cuenta.En el cuarto módulo utilizaremos lo que ya tenemos para construir una clase más compleja que proporciones arreglos de objetos de la clase que ya tenemos y examinando con bastante profundidad tanto el esquema conceptual de los arreglos como su implementación en el modelo de memoria de Java.En el quinto y último módulo profundizaremos en el uso de repetición en ejecución y, no puede faltar, los distintos tipos de ejecución condicional que provee el lenguaje.En este curso se proveerá al participante con conocimientos del lenguaje Java que le permitirán resolver una amplia gama de problemas con este lenguaje. Aprenderá a:•	Plantear la solución de un problema utilizando orientación a objetos.•	Programar la solución de los problemas utilizando las siguientes características del lenguaje Java:               -Interfaces y clases               -Métodos constructores de objetos, de acceso, de actualización, de implementación y auxiliares.               -Atributos y variables locales de tipos primitivos o de clase.               -Utilización de clases de biblioteca.               -Esquemas de ejecución como la repetición y la selección de enunciados               -Arreglos;
Descripción del curso: Cuando finalices este curso habrás logrado un gran número de habilidades como introducir información, ordenarla, manipularla, realizar cálculos de diversa índole (matemáticos, trigonométricos, estadísticos, financieros, ingenieriles, probabilísticos), extraer conclusiones, trabajar con fechas y horas, construir gráficos, imprimir reportes y muchas más.Asimismo, los ejemplos sobre los cuales se apoyan los contenidos dictados en este curso tienen una profunda aplicabilidad al mundo de los negocios, con lo que su inmediata utilización empresarial está al alcance de la mano.Finalmente, los profesores que han diseñado y elaborado este curso para ti, no solamente dan una visión académica del software sino que, debido a su gran trayectoria profesional apoyada justamente en una profunda utilización de Excel, te transmitirán su propia vivencia que te permitirá tener una visión más concreta de las posibilidades que te brinda esta herramienta.;
The goal of the course is to introduce students to Python Version 3.x programming using hands on instruction. It will show how to install Python and use the Spyder IDE (Integrated Development Environment) for writing and debugging programs. The approach will be to present an example followed by a small exercise where the learner tries something similar to solidify a concept.  At the end of each module there will be an exercise where the student is required to write simple programs and submit them for grading.  It is intended for students with little or no programming background, although students with such a background should be able to move forward at their preferred pace.The course is four modules long and is designed to be completed in four weeks.;
This course aims to teach everyone the basics of programming computers using Python. We cover the basics of how one constructs a program from a series of simple instructions in Python.  The course has no pre-requisites and avoids all but the simplest mathematics. Anyone with moderate computer experience should be able to master the materials in this course. This course will cover Chapters 1-5 of the textbook “Python for Everybody”.  Once a student completes this course, they will be ready to take more advanced programming courses. This course covers Python 3.;
This Specialization covers how to write syntactically correct HTML5 and CSS3, and how to create interactive web experiences with JavaScript. Mastering this range of technologies will allow you to develop high quality web sites that, work seamlessly on mobile, tablet, and large screen browsers accessible. During the capstone you will develop a professional-quality web portfolio demonstrating your growth as a web developer and your knowledge of accessible web design. This will include your ability to design and implement a responsive site that utilizes tools to create a site that is accessible to a wide audience, including those with visual, audial, physical, and cognitive impairments.;
Learn foundational programming concepts (e.g., functions, for loops, conditional statements) and how to solve problems like a programmer. In addition, learn basic web development as you build web pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript. By the end of the course, will create a web page where others can upload their images and apply image filters that you create.After completing this course, you will be able to:1. Think critically about how to solve a problem using programming,2. Write JavaScript programs using functions, for loops, and conditional statements,3. Use HTML to construct a web page with paragraphs, divs, images, links, and lists,4. Add styles to a web page with CSS IDs and classes, and5. Make a web page interactive with JavaScript commands like alert, onClick, onChange, adding input features like an image canvas, button, and slider.;
This course teaches computer programming to those with little to no previous experience. It uses the programming system and language called MATLAB to do so because it is easy to learn, versatile and very useful for engineers and other professionals. MATLAB is a special-purpose language that is an excellent choice for writing moderate-size programs that solve problems involving the manipulation of numbers. The design of the language makes it possible to write a powerful program in a few lines. The problems may be relatively complex, while the MATLAB programs that solve them are relatively simple: relative, that is, to the equivalent program written in a general-purpose language, such as C++ or Java. As a result, MATLAB is being used in a wide variety of domains from the natural sciences, through all disciplines of engineering, to finance, and beyond, and it is heavily used in industry. Hence, a solid background in MATLAB is an indispensable skill in today’s job market.Nevertheless, this course is not a MATLAB tutorial. It is an introductory programming course that uses MATLAB to illustrate general concepts in computer science and programming. Students who successfully complete this course will become familiar with general concepts in computer science, gain an understanding of the general concepts of programming, and obtain a solid foundation in the use of MATLAB.Students taking the course will get a MATLAB Online license free of charge for the duration of the course. The students are encouraged to consult the eBook that this course is based on. More information about these resources can be found on the Resources menu on the right.;
For a lot of higher level courses in Machine Learning and Data Science, you find you need to freshen up on the basics in mathematics - stuff you may have studied before in school or university, but which was taught in another context, or not very intuitively, such that you struggle to relate it to how it’s used in Computer Science. This specialization aims to bridge that gap, getting you up to speed in the underlying mathematics, building an intuitive understanding, and relating it to Machine Learning and Data Science.In the first course on Linear Algebra we look at what linear algebra is and how it relates to data. Then we look through what vectors and matrices are and how to work with them.The second course, Multivariate Calculus, builds on this to look at how to optimize fitting functions to get good fits to data. It starts from introductory calculus and then uses the matrices and vectors from the first course to look at data fitting.The third course, Dimensionality Reduction with Principal Component Analysis, uses the mathematics from the first two courses to compress high-dimensional data. This course is of intermediate difficulty and will require Python and numpy knowledge.At the end of this specialization you will have gained the prerequisite mathematical knowledge to continue your journey and take more advanced courses in machine learning.;
This new beginner-level, six-course certificate, developed by Google, is designed to provide IT professionals with in-demand skills -- including Python, Git, and IT automation -- that can help you advance your career.Knowing how to write code to solve problems and automate solutions is a crucial skill for anybody in IT. Python, in particular, is now the most in-demand programming language by employers.This program builds on your IT foundations to help you take your career to the next level. It’s designed to teach you how to program with Python and how to use Python to automate common system administration tasks. You'll also learn to use Git and GitHub, troubleshoot and debug complex problems, and apply automation at scale by using configuration management and the Cloud.This certificate can be completed in about 6 months and is designed to prepare you for a variety of roles in IT, like more advanced IT Support Specialist or Junior Systems Administrator positions. Upon completing the program, you’ll have the option to share your information with potential employers, like Walmart, Sprint, Hulu, Bank of America, Google (of course!), and more.We recommend that you have Python installed on your machine. For some courses, you’ll need a computer where you can install Git or ask your administrator to install it for you.If you’d like to learn the fundamentals of IT support, check out the beginner level Google IT Support Professional Certificate.;
Learn to code in Java and improve your programming and problem-solving skills. You will learn to design algorithms as well as develop and debug programs. Using custom open-source classes, you will write programs that access and transform images, websites, and other types of data. At the end of the course you will build a program that determines the popularity of different baby names in the US over time by analyzing comma separated value (CSV) files. After completing this course you will be able to:1. Edit, compile, and run a Java program,2. Use conditionals and loops in a Java program,3. Use Java API documentation in writing programs. 4. Debug a Java program using the scientific method,5. Write a Java method to solve a specific problem,6. Develop a set of test cases as part of developing a program,7. Create a class with multiple methods that work together to solve a problem, and8. Use divide-and-conquer design techniques for a program that uses multiple methods.;
NaN;
For more information please view the Computational Social Science TrailerDigital technology has not only revolutionized society, but also the way we can study it. Currently, this is taken advantage of by the most valuable companies in Silicon Valley, the most powerful governmental agencies, and the most influential social movements. What they have in common is that they use computational tools to understand, and ultimately influence human behavior and social dynamics.An increasing part of human interaction leaves a massive digital footprint behind. Studying it allows us to gain unprecedented insights into what society is and how it works, including its intricate social networks that had long been obscure. Computational power allows us to detect hidden patterns through analytical tools like machine learning and to natural language processing. Finally, computer simulations enable us to explore hypothetical situations that may not even exist in reality, but that we would like to exist: a better world.This specialization serves as a multidisciplinary, multi-perspective, and multi-method guide on how to better understand society and human behavior with modern research tools. This specialization gives you easy access to some of the exciting new possibilities of how to study society and human behavior. It is the first online specialization collectively taught by Professors from all 10 University of California campuses.;
Decía Steve Jobs que “todo el mundo debería aprender a programar un ordenador porque esto te ayuda a pensar”. Hoy en día la programación es una herramienta fundamental para el desarrollo de la tecnología moderna. Este curso te introduce en el mundo de la programación en el lenguaje Python. De una forma práctica, aprenderás de forma gradual desde el tratamiento básico de variables hasta la programación de algoritmos para construir tus propios juegos. Además, te familiarizarás con los conceptos fundamentales para el desarrollo de algoritmos y su programación. Al finalizar el curso, serás capaz de desarrollar tus propios programas en Python y de seguir explorando para construir nuevos programas y cada vez más complejos. Este curso es el primer paso para convertirte en un/a profesional con habilidades básicas de programación y abrirte la puerta al futuro.;
Язык программирования Python является одним из самых простых в освоении и популярных языков программирования. Целью курса является изучение основных конструкций языка Python, которые пригодятся при решении широкого круга задач – от анализа данных до разработки новых программных продуктов.В результате освоения курса слушатели научатся обрабатывать и хранить числа, тексты и их наборы, освоят стандартную библиотеку языка Python и смогут автоматизировать задачи по сбору и обработке данных. Курс дает необходимую базу для освоения более специализированных областей применения языка Python, таких как машинное обучение, статистическая обработка данных, визуализация данных и многих других. Также слушатели познакомятся с основами различных парадигм программирования: процедурным, функциональным и объектно-ориентированным программированием.Для качественного освоения курса достаточно знания математики на уровне средней школы, опыта программирования не требуется.В курсе предлагается большое количество задач по программированию, расположенных по нарастанию сложности, что позволяет закреплять на практике изучаемый материал. К каждому занятию прилагается полный конспект, это делает изучение курса удобнее. Курс проводился в оффлайн варианте для студентов бакалавриата факультета компьютерных наук НИУ ВШЭ.Появились технические трудности? Обращайтесь на адрес: coursera@hse.ru;
The basis for education in the last millennium was “reading, writing, and arithmetic,” now it is reading, writing, and computing. Learning to program is an essential part of the education of every student, not just in the sciences and engineering, but in the arts, social sciences, and humanities, as well. Beyond direct applications, it is the first step in understanding the nature of computer science’s undeniable impact on the modern world.  This course covers the first half of our book Computer Science: An Interdisciplinary Approach (the second half is covered in our Coursera course Computer Science: Algorithms, Theory, and Machines). Our intent is to teach programming to those who need or want to learn it, in a scientific context. We begin by introducing basic programming elements such as variables, conditionals, loops, arrays, and I/O. Next, we turn to functions, introducing key concepts such as recursion, modular programming, and code reuse. Then, we present a modern introduction to object-oriented programming.We use the Java programming language and teach basic skills for computational problem solving that are applicable in many modern computing environments. Proficiency in Java is a goal, but we focus on fundamental concepts in programming, not Java per se.All the features of this course are available for free. It does not offer a certificate upon completion.;
This specialization teaches the fundamentals of programming in Python 3. We will begin at the beginning, with variables, conditionals, and loops, and get to some intermediate material like keyword parameters, list comprehensions, lambda expressions, and class inheritance.You will have lots of opportunities to practice. You will also learn ways to reason about program execution, so that it is no longer mysterious and you are able to debug programs when they don’t work.By the end of the specialization, you’ll be writing programs that query Internet APIs for data and extract useful information from them. And you’ll be able to learn to use new modules and APIs on your own by reading the documentation. That will give you a great launch toward being an independent Python programmer.This specialization is a good next step for you if you have completed Python for Everybody but want a more in-depth treatment of Python fundamentals and more practice, so that you can proceed with confidence to specializations like Applied Data Science with Python.But it is also appropriate as a first set of courses in Python if you are already familiar with some other programming language, or if you are up for the challenge of diving in head-first.;
The rapid pace of innovation in Artificial Intelligence (AI) is creating enormous opportunity for transforming entire industries and our very existence. After competing this comprehensive 6 course Professional Certificate, you will get a practical understanding of Machine Learning and Deep Learning.You will master fundamental concepts of Machine Learning and Deep Learning, including supervised and unsupervised learning. You will utilize popular Machine Learning and Deep Learning libraries such as SciPy, ScikitLearn, Keras, PyTorch, and Tensorflow applied to industry problems involving object recognition and Computer Vision, image and video processing, text analytics, Natural Language Processing, recommender systems, and other types of classifiers.You will be able to scale Machine Learning on Big Data using Apache Spark. You will build, train, and deploy different types of Deep Architectures, including Convolutional Networks, Recurrent Networks, and Autoencoders.By the end of this Professional Certificate, you will have completed several projects showcasing your proficiency in Machine Learning and Deep Learning, and become armed with skills for a career as an AI Engineer.;
This specialization gives an introduction to deep learning, reinforcement learning, natural language understanding, computer vision and Bayesian methods. Top Kaggle machine learning practitioners and CERN scientists will share their experience of solving real-world problems and help you to fill the gaps between theory and practice. Upon completion of 7 courses you will be able to apply modern machine learning methods in enterprise and understand the caveats of real-world data and settings.;
Ask the right questions, manipulate data sets, and create visualizations to communicate results.This Specialization covers the concepts and tools you'll need throughout the entire data science pipeline, from asking the right kinds of questions to making inferences and publishing results. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply the skills learned by building a data product using real-world data. At completion, students will have a portfolio demonstrating their mastery of the material.;
Bem vindo ao curso de Introdução à Ciência da Computação destinado aos alunos regulares da Universidade de São Paulo e a todos os demais interessados em aprender não só a programar em Python mas também os conceitos básicos da Ciência da Computação!Aqui você irá aprender os principais conceitos introdutórios de Ciência da Computação e também aprenderá a desenvolver pequenos programas na linguagem Python. Este curso não possui pré-requisitos. Não é esperado que você tenha qualquer experiência prévia em programação, no entanto, se supõe que o aluno domine os conceitos básicos de matemática do ensino fundamental.O objetivo principal é desenvolver o raciocínio aplicado à formulação e resolução de problemas computacionais. O ato de programar é uma ferramenta útil para trabalhar esse raciocínio, bem como tornar mais concretos outros conceitos comuns em Ciência da Computação. Ao término do curso, o aluno estará capacitado para escrever pequenos programas em Python e prosseguir para a parte 2 do curso.Bom aprendizado!===Esse curso foi elaborado com o apoio dos Profs. José Coelho de Pina e Carlos Hitoshi Morimoto do Departamento de Ciência da Computação do IME-USP. Nelson Posse Lago, gerente técnico do CCSL-IME-USP, Antonio Abello, Athos Ribeiro e Yorah Bosse têm sido excelentes assistentes de ensino, ajudando a manter a qualidade do curso.;
This course is designed to teach you the foundations in order to write simple programs in Python using the most common structures. No previous exposure to programming is needed. By the end of this course, you'll understand the benefits of programming in IT roles, be able to write simple programs using Python, figure out how the building blocks of programming fit together, and combine all of this knowledge to solve a complex programming problem. We'll start off by diving into the basics of writing a computer program. Along the way, you’ll get hands-on experience with programming concepts through interactive exercises and real-world examples. You’ll quickly start to see how computers can perform a multitude of tasks — you just have to write code that tells them what to do.;
Ce cours initie aux bases de la programmation en utilisant le langage C++ : variables, boucles, fonctions, ...Il ne présuppose pas de connaissance préalable. Les aspects plus avancés (programmation orientée objet) sont donnés dans un cours suivant, «Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en C++)». Il s'appuie  sur de nombreux éléments pédagogiques : vidéos sous-titrées, quizz dans et hors vidéos, exercices, devoirs notés automatiquement, notes de cours.;
Ce cours introduit la programmation orientée objet (encapsulation, abstration, héritage, polymorphisme) en l'illustrant en langage Java. Il présuppose connues les bases de la programmation (variables, types, boucles, fonctions, ...). Il est conçu comme la suite du cours « Initiation à la programmation (en Java) ».Comme son prédécesseur, ce cours s'appuie  sur de nombreux éléments pédagogiques : vidéos sous-titrées, quizz dans et hors vidéos, exercices, devoirs notés automatiquement, notes de cours.;
An introduction to physics in the context of everyday objects.;
This class will teach you the fundamentals of augmented reality (AR), and how to build an AR experience using ARCore. Through the four week course, you'll learn:- How to identify different types of AR experiences - Tools and platforms used in the AR landscape - What makes AR feel "real" - Popular use cases for AR- How to create an AR use flow - How AR experiences work- Tools like Google Poly and Unity to build AR experiences - Next steps to start building an AR experience using ARCore and other tools  This course will break down complex AR concepts to make them easy to understand, while also sharing expert tips and knowledge from Daydream's ARCore team. The course is great for beginners who are just getting started with AR or ARCore.;
This course is designed to start you on a path toward future studies in web development and design, no matter how little experience or technical knowledge you currently have. The web is a very big place, and if you are the typical internet user, you probably visit several websites every day, whether for business, entertainment or education. But have you ever wondered how these websites actually work? How are they built? How do browsers, computers, and mobile devices interact with the web? What skills are necessary to build a website? With almost 1 billion websites now on the internet, the answers to these questions could be your first step toward a better understanding of the internet and developing a new set of internet skills.  By the end of this course you’ll be able to describe the structure and functionality of the world wide web, create dynamic web pages using a combination of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, apply essential programming language concepts when creating HTML forms, select an appropriate web hosting service, and publish your webpages for the world to see. Finally, you’ll be able to develop a working model for creating your own personal or business websites in the future and be fully prepared to take the next step in a more advanced web development or design course or specialization.;
Introduction to G Suite is the first course in the G Suite Administration Specialization.The series will serve as the starting place for any new G Suite admin as they begin their journey of managing and establishing G Suite best practices for their organization. These courses together will leave you feeling confident to utilize the basic functions of the admin console to manage users, control access to services, configure security settings, and much more.Through a series of readings and step-by-step hands-on exercises, and knowledge checks, learners can expect to leave this training with all of the skills they need to get started as G Suite administrators.In this course you will sign up for a G Suite account and configure your DNS records for G Suite. You will learn how to provision and manage your users, and will create groups and calendar resources for your organization. You will be introduced to your Cloud Directory and will learn how to split your organization into organizational units to simplify user and service management. Finally you will learn how to delegate admin privileges to other users in your organization.Learning ObjectivesBy the end of this course participants will be able to:- Setup a G Suite account and access and navigate the admin console.- Describe the key properties of the G Suite directory.- Provision users, groups and calendar resources in G Suite.- Undertake common user management tasks.- Explain how an organizational structure can be used in G Suite to simplify user and service management.- Describe the types of admin roles available in G Suite.- Use the G Suite Help Center as an aid to managing G Suite.Prerequisites - IMPORTANT PLEASE READ.To get the most out of this training course, learners should be prepared to: - Install and be ready to use the latest version of Chrome web browser available at https://www.google.com/chrome/- Purchase a new domain through a registrar such as enom, GoDaddy. Note: If you already have a domain that you would like to use for the trial you can do this but this course does not provide detailed steps on how to associate an existing domain with a G Suite trial account. For detailed instructions on how to do that, please refer to this Help Center article: https://support.google.com/a/topic/9196- Provide credit card details as part of the G Suite account setup. You will be using a 14 day trial G Suite Enterprise account during this course. As part of the sign up flow you will be required to provide credit card details. No charges for G Suite are made to your credit card until the trial period has ended. You must ensure that you CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION before the trial period ends to avoid and charges. This is very IMPORTANT so don't forget!;
Welcome to the Google AR &amp, VR Virtual Reality and 360 video production course! Our mission is to give you the skills you need to get started with your first VR project.This course will introduce you to Virtual Reality and 360 video production, guiding you through a step-by-step process to create VR content. To begin, we recommend taking a few minutes to explore the course site and review the material. Best of luck as you get started - we hope you enjoy the course, and can't wait to see what you'll create!;
NaN;
This course is for everyone. In the new world we live in, coding is a universally valuable skill, whether you're a scientist, artist, or a humanist. Algorithms are everywhere, and we all have to understand how they work. The C language is particularly well suited as an introduction to coding: It's a tried-and-true language, and it allows you to understand computing processes at a deep level. No prior knowledge of coding is needed for this course. We'll start at the beginning.The time estimated time commitment for this course is five hours a week for five weeks.;
Much of the world's data resides in databases. SQL (or Structured Query Language) is a powerful language which is used for communicating with and extracting data from databases. A working knowledge of databases and SQL is a must if you want to become a data scientist.The purpose of this course is to introduce relational database concepts and help you learn and apply foundational knowledge of the SQL language. It is also intended to get you started with performing SQL access in a data science environment.  The emphasis in this course is on hands-on and practical learning . As such, you will work with real databases, real data science tools, and real-world datasets. You will create a database instance in the cloud. Through a series of hands-on labs you will practice building and running SQL queries. You will also learn how to access databases from Jupyter notebooks using SQL and Python.No prior knowledge of databases, SQL, Python, or programming is required.Anyone can audit this course at no-charge. If you choose to take this course and earn the Coursera course certificate, you can also earn an IBM digital badge upon successful completion of the course.LIMITED TIME OFFER: Subscription is only $39 USD per month for access to graded materials and a certificate.;
This course takes Java beginners to the next level by covering object-oriented analysis and design. You will discover how to create modular, flexible, and reusable software, by applying object-oriented design principles and guidelines. And, you will be able to communicate these designs in a visual notation known as Unified Modelling Language (UML).You will be challenged in the Capstone Project to apply your knowledge of object-oriented design by evolving and documenting the Java codebase for an Android application with corresponding UML documentation.After completing this course, you will be able to: • Apply the Class Responsibility Collaborator (CRC) technique to analyze and design the object-oriented model for a problem.	• Explain and apply object-oriented modeling principles and their purpose (e.g., abstraction, encapsulation, decomposition, generalization).• Explain and apply different types of inheritance• Explain the difference between association, aggregation, and composition dependencies.• Express object-oriented models as Unified Modeling Language (UML) class diagrams.• Translate between UML class diagrams and equivalent Java code.• Apply design guidelines for modularity, separation of concerns, information hiding, and conceptual integrity to create a flexible, reusable, maintainable design.• Explain the tradeoff between cohesion and coupling.;
NaN;
Continue your exploration of the Go programming language as you learn about functions, methods, and interfaces. Topics include the implementation of functions, function types, object-orientation in Go, methods, and class instantiation. As with the first course in this series, you’ll have an opportunity to create your own Go applications so you can practice what you’re learning.;
You've learned the basic algorithms now and are ready to step into the area of more complex problems and algorithms to solve them. Advanced algorithms build upon basic ones and use new ideas. We will start with networks flows which are used in more typical applications such as optimal matchings, finding disjoint paths and flight scheduling as well as more surprising ones like image segmentation in computer vision. We then proceed to linear programming with applications in optimizing budget allocation, portfolio optimization, finding the cheapest diet satisfying all requirements and many others. Next we discuss inherently hard problems for which no exact good solutions are known (and not likely to be found) and how to solve them in practice. We finish with a soft introduction to streaming algorithms that are heavily used in Big Data processing. Such algorithms are usually designed to be able to process huge datasets without being able even to store a dataset.;
This course covers a wide range of tasks in Natural Language Processing from basic to advanced: sentiment analysis, summarization, dialogue state tracking, to name a few. Upon completing, you will be able to recognize NLP tasks in your day-to-day work, propose approaches, and judge what techniques are likely to work well.  The final project is devoted to one of the most hot topics in today’s NLP. You will build your own conversational chat-bot that will assist with search on StackOverflow website. The project will be based on practical assignments of the course, that will give you hands-on experience with such tasks as text classification, named entities recognition, and duplicates detection. Throughout the lectures, we will aim at finding a balance between traditional and deep learning techniques in NLP and cover them in parallel. For example, we will discuss word alignment models in machine translation and see how similar it is to attention mechanism in encoder-decoder neural networks. Core techniques are not treated as black boxes. On the contrary, you will get in-depth understanding of what’s happening inside. To succeed in that, we expect your familiarity with the basics of linear algebra and probability theory, machine learning setup, and deep neural networks. Some materials are based on one-month-old papers and introduce you to the very state-of-the-art in NLP research.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
Programming is an increasingly important skill, whether you aspire to a career in software development, or in other fields. This course is the first in the specialization Introduction to Programming in C, but its lessons extend to any language you might want to learn. This is because programming is fundamentally about figuring out how to solve a class of problems and writing the algorithm, a clear set of steps to solve any problem in its class. This course will introduce you to a powerful problem-solving process—the Seven Steps—which you can use to solve any programming problem. In this course, you will learn how to develop an algorithm, then progress to reading code and understanding how programming concepts relate to algorithms.;
NaN;
This course will introduce the core data structures of the Python programming language. We will move past the basics of procedural programming and explore how we can use the Python built-in data structures such as lists, dictionaries, and tuples to perform increasingly complex data analysis. This course will cover Chapters 6-10 of the textbook “Python for Everybody”.  This course covers Python 3.;
Graphic Design is all around us! Words and pictures—the building blocks of graphic design—are the elements that carry the majority of the content in both the digital world and the printed world. As graphic design becomes more visible and prevalent in our lives, graphic design as a practice becomes more important in our culture.Through visual examples, this course will teach you the fundamental principles of graphic design: imagemaking, typography, composition, working with color and shape... foundational skills that are common in all areas of graphic design practice. I don't just want you to watch a video of someone talking about design, I want you to MAKE design! If you want to be a designer you have to be a maker and a communicator, so this course will offer you lots of opportunities to get your hands dirty with exercises and with more practical projects.At the end of this course you will have learned how to explore and investigate visual representation through a range of image-making techniques, understand basic principles of working with shape, color and pattern, been exposed to the language and skills of typography, and understand and have applied the principles of composition and visual contrast. If you complete the course, along with its optional (but highly recommended) briefs, you will have a core set of graphic design skills that you can apply to your own projects, or to more deeply investigate a specialized area of graphic design.To succeed in this course you will need access to a computer. You can complete this course without one but it will be tougher. Access to, and a beginner's level knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite programs, such as Illustrator, Photoshop and InDesign will help you, especially if you want to complete the optional briefs.;
This course will introduce the learner to the basics of the python programming environment, including fundamental python programming techniques such as lambdas, reading and manipulating csv files, and the numpy library. The course will introduce data manipulation and cleaning techniques using the popular python pandas data science library and introduce the abstraction of the Series and DataFrame as the central data structures for data analysis, along with tutorials on how to use functions such as groupby, merge, and pivot tables effectively. By the end of this course, students will be able to take tabular data, clean it, manipulate it, and run basic inferential statistical analyses. This course should be taken before any of the other Applied Data Science with Python courses: Applied Plotting, Charting &amp, Data Representation in Python, Applied Machine Learning in Python, Applied Text Mining in Python, Applied Social Network Analysis in Python.;
課程介紹 (About the course)This course will introduce computer programming in C. We will cover basic operations about computer, then move on to how to write computer program in a language called C. Various C concepts will be introduced.授課形式 (Course format)We will have video lecture to introduce the concept of programming. The video will switch between the presentation slides and the actual coding process. After that we will have weekly programming homework to ensure that the students are able to practice what they learned from the video presentation. The students will practice on ideone.com, a web platform for compiling and running computer programs.修課背景要求 (Recommended background)No special prior computer knowledge is required. However, the students are expected to be able to use a web browser, has basic English vocabulary, and arithmetic skills of junior high school graduates.;
Data Science has been ranked as one of the hottest professions and the demand for data practitioners is booming. This Professional Certificate from IBM is intended for anyone interested in developing skills and experience to pursue a career in Data Science or Machine Learning.This program consists of 9 courses providing you with latest job-ready skills and techniques covering a wide array of data science topics including: open source tools and libraries, methodologies, Python, databases, SQL, data visualization, data analysis, and machine learning. You will practice hands-on in the IBM Cloud using real data science tools and real-world data sets.It is a myth that to become a data scientist you need a Ph.D. This Professional Certificate is suitable for anyone who has some computer skills and a passion for self-learning. No prior computer science or programming knowledge is necessary. We start small, re-enforce applied learning, and build up to more complex topics.Upon successfully completing these courses you will have done several hands-on assignments and built a portfolio of data science projects to provide you with the confidence to plunge into an exciting profession in Data Science. In addition to earning a Professional Certificate from Coursera, you will also receive a digital Badge from IBM recognizing your proficiency in Data Science.;
In this Specialization learners will develop foundational Data Science skills to prepare them for a career or further learning that involves more advanced topics in Data Science. The specialization entails understanding what is Data Science and the various kinds of activities that a Data Scientist performs. It will familiarize learners with various open source tools, like Jupyter notebooks, used by Data Scientists. It will teach you about methodology involved in tackling data science problems. The specialization also provides knowledge of relational database concepts and the use of SQL to query databases. Learners will complete hands-on labs and projects to apply their newly acquired skills and knowledge.Upon receiving the certificate for completion of the specialization, you will also receive an IBM Badge as a Specialist in Data Science Foundations.LIMITED TIME OFFER: Subscription is only $39 USD per month and gives you access to graded materials and a certificate.;
This is an action-packed specialization is for data science enthusiasts who want to acquire practical skills for real world data problems. It appeals to anyone interested in pursuing a career in Data Science, and already has foundational skills (or has completed the Introduction to Applied Data Science specialization). You will learn Python - no prior programming knowledge necessary. You will then learn data visualization and data analysis. Through our guided lectures, labs, and projects you’ll get hands-on experience tackling interesting data problems. Make sure to take this specialization to solidify your Python and data science skills before diving deeper into big data, AI, and deep learning.Upon completing all courses in the specialization and receiving the Specialization certificate, you will also receive an IBM Badge recognizing you as a Specialist in Applied Data Science.LIMITED TIME OFFER: Subscription is only $39 USD per month and gives you access to graded materials and a certificate.;
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is transforming our world. Whether you’re a student, developer, or a technology consultant, understanding AI and knowing how to create AI powered applications can give you an edge in your career. This Professional Certificate is designed to arm you with the skills to work as an AI Application Developer.It will give you a firm understanding of AI, its applications, and its use cases. You will become familiar with IBM Watson AI services and APIs. Even if you have no programming background, you will be able to create AI driven chatbots as well as pick up practical Python skills to work with AI. The courses will also enable you to apply pre-built AI smarts to your products and solutions. A learner with no prior knowledge of AI will learn to design, build, and deploy AI-powered applications on the web.Rather than create complex AI algorithms and interfaces from scratch, learners will use IBM Watson AI services and APIs to create smart applications with minimal coding. By the end of this Professional Certificate, learners will complete several projects that showcase proficiency in applying AI and building AI powered solutions.;
Ask the right questions, manipulate data sets, and create visualizations to communicate results.This Specialization covers foundational data science tools and techniques, including getting, cleaning, and exploring data, programming in R, and conducting reproducible research. Learners who complete this specialization will be prepared to take the Data Science: Statistics and Machine Learning specialization, in which they build a data product using real-world data.The five courses in this specialization are the very same courses that make up the first half of the Data Science Specialization. This specialization is presented for learners who want to start and complete the foundational part of the curriculum first, before moving onto the more advanced topics in Data Science: Statistics and Machine Learning.;
An overview of the ideas, methods, and institutions that permit human society to manage risks and foster enterprise.  Emphasis on financially-savvy leadership skills. Description of practices today and analysis of prospects for the future. Introduction to risk management and behavioral finance principles to understand the real-world functioning of securities, insurance, and banking industries.  The ultimate goal of this course is using such industries effectively and towards a better society.;
The role of an Analyst is dynamic, complex, and driven by a variety of skills. These skills range from a basic understanding of financial statement data and non-financial metrics that can be linked to financial performance, to a deeper dive into business and financial modeling. Analysts also utilize spreadsheet models, modeling techniques, and common investment analysis application as part of their toolkit to make informed financial decisions and investments.This multifaceted specialization will equip a learner who might be interested in entering the dynamic world of data and business analysis, and/or is interested gaining deeper technical knowledge in Finance and Quantitative Modeling. Starting from the fundamentals of quantitative modeling, you will learn how to put data to work by using spreadsheets and leverage spreadsheets as a powerful, accessible data analysis tool. You will also be introduced to the world of corporate finance, and gain a better understanding of finance fundamentals, including a variety of real-world situations spanning personal finance, corporate decision-making and financial intermediation.;
Wharton's Business and Financial Modeling Specialization is designed to help you make informed business and financial decisions. These foundational courses will introduce you to spreadsheet models, modeling techniques, and common applications for investment analysis, company valuation, forecasting, and more. When you complete the Specialization, you'll be ready to use your own data to describe realities, build scenarios, and predict performance.;
Discover the tools software developers use to build scalable AI-powered algorithms in TensorFlow, a popular open-source machine learning framework.In this four-course Specialization, you’ll explore exciting opportunities for AI applications. Begin by developing an understanding of how to build and train neural networks. Improve a network’s performance using convolutions as you train it to identify real-world images. You’ll teach machines to understand, analyze, and respond to human speech with natural language processing systems. Learn to process text, represent sentences as vectors, and input data to a neural network. You’ll even train an AI to create original poetry!AI is already transforming industries across the world. After finishing this Specialization, you’ll be able to apply your new TensorFlow skills to a wide range of problems and projects.Looking for more advanced TensorFlow content? Check out the new TensorFlow: Data and Deployment Specialization.;
The 5 courses in this University of Michigan specialization introduce learners to data science through the python programming language. This skills-based specialization is intended for learners who have a basic python or programming background, and want to apply statistical, machine learning, information visualization, text analysis, and social network analysis techniques through popular python toolkits such as pandas, matplotlib, scikit-learn, nltk, and networkx to gain insight into their data.Introduction to Data Science in Python (course 1), Applied Plotting, Charting &amp, Data Representation in Python (course 2), and Applied Machine Learning in Python (course 3) should be taken in order and prior to any other course in the specialization. After completing those, courses 4 and 5 can be taken in any order. All 5 are required to earn a certificate.;
Graphic design is all around us, in a myriad of forms, both on screen and in print, yet it is always made up of images and words to create a communication goal. This four-course sequence exposes students to the fundamental skills required to make sophisticated graphic design: process, historical context, and communication through image-making and typography. The sequence is completed by a capstone project that applies the skills of each course and peer feedback in a finished branding project suitable for a professional portfolio.The goal of this specialization is to equip learners with a set of transferable formal and conceptual tools for “making and communicating” in the field of graphic design. This core skill set will equip learners for formal studies in graphic design, and a starting point for further work in interface design, motion graphics, and editorial design.;
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is no longer science fiction. It is rapidly permeating all industries and having a profound impact on virtually every aspect of our existence. Whether you are an executive, a leader, an industry professional, a researcher, or a student - understanding AI, its impact and transformative potential for your organization and our society is of paramount importance.This specialization is designed for those with little or no background in AI, whether you have technology background or not, and does not require any programming skills. It is designed to give you a firm understanding of what is AI, its applications and use cases across various industries. You will become acquainted with terms like Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Neural Networks.Furthermore, it will familiarize you with IBM Watson AI services that enable any business to quickly and easily employ pre-built AI smarts to their products and solutions. You will also learn about creating intelligent virtual assistants and how they can be leveraged in different scenarios.By the end of this specialization, learners will have had hands-on interactions with several AI environments and applications, and have built and deployed an AI enabled chatbot on a website – without any coding.;
In this Software Product Management Specialization, you will master Agile software management practices to lead a team of developers and interact with clients. In the final Capstone Project, you will practice and apply management techniques to realistic scenarios that you will face as a Software Product Manager. You will have the opportunity to share your experiences and learn from the insights of others as part of a Software Product Management;
If you want to break into cutting-edge AI, this course will help you do so. Deep learning engineers are highly sought after, and mastering deep learning will give you numerous new career opportunities. Deep learning is also a new "superpower" that will let you build AI systems that just weren't possible a few years ago. In this course, you will learn the foundations of deep learning. When you finish this class, you will:- Understand the major technology trends driving Deep Learning- Be able to build, train and apply fully connected deep neural networks - Know how to implement efficient (vectorized) neural networks - Understand the key parameters in a neural network's architecture This course also teaches you how Deep Learning actually works, rather than presenting only a cursory or surface-level description. So after completing it, you will be able to apply deep learning to a your own applications. If you are looking for a job in AI, after this course you will also be able to answer basic interview questions. This is the first course of the Deep Learning Specialization.;
With genomics sparks a revolution in medical discoveries, it becomes imperative to be able to better understand the genome, and be able to leverage the data and information from genomic datasets. Genomic Data Science is the field that applies statistics and data science to the genome.This Specialization covers the concepts and tools to understand, analyze, and interpret data from next generation sequencing experiments. It teaches the most common tools used in genomic data science including how to use the command line, along with a variety of software implementation tools like Python, R, Bioconductor, and Galaxy.This Specialization is designed to serve as both a standalone introduction to genomic data science or as a perfect compliment to a primary degree or postdoc in biology, molecular biology, or genetics, for scientists in these fields seeking to gain familiarity in data science and statistical tools to better interact with the data in their everyday work.To audit Genomic Data Science courses for free, visit https://www.coursera.org/jhu, click the course, click Enroll, and select Audit. Please note that you will not receive a Certificate of Completion if you choose to Audit.;
The Reinforcement Learning Specialization consists of 4 courses exploring the power of adaptive learning systems and artificial intelligence (AI).Harnessing the full potential of artificial intelligence requires adaptive learning systems. Learn how Reinforcement Learning (RL) solutions help solve real-world problems through trial-and-error interaction by implementing a complete RL solution from beginning to end.By the end of this Specialization, learners will understand the foundations of much of modern probabilistic artificial intelligence (AI) and be prepared to take more advanced courses or to apply AI tools and ideas to real-world problems. This content will focus on “small-scale” problems in order to understand the foundations of Reinforcement Learning, as taught by world-renowned experts at the University of Alberta, Faculty of Science.The tools learned in this Specialization can be applied to game development (AI), customer interaction (how a website interacts with customers), smart assistants, recommender systems, supply chain, industrial control, finance, oil &amp, gas pipelines, industrial control systems, and more.;
Algorithms are the heart of computer science, and the subject has countless practical applications as well as intellectual depth. This specialization is an introduction to algorithms for learners with at least a little programming experience. The specialization is rigorous but emphasizes the big picture and conceptual understanding over low-level implementation and mathematical details. After completing this specialization, you will be well-positioned to ace your technical interviews and speak fluently about algorithms with other programmers and computer scientists.About the instructor: Tim Roughgarden has been a professor in the Computer Science Department at Stanford University since 2004. He has taught and published extensively on the subject of algorithms and their applications.;
The art of uncovering the insights and trends in data has been around since ancient times. The ancient Egyptians used census data to increase efficiency in tax collection and they accurately predicted the flooding of the Nile river every year. Since then, people working in data science have carved out a unique and distinct field for the work they do. This field is data science. In this course, we will meet some data science practitioners and we will get an overview of what data science is today.LIMITED TIME OFFER: Subscription is only $39 USD per month for access to graded materials and a certificate.;
In this Specialization, you will learn to analyze and visualize data in R and create reproducible data analysis reports, demonstrate a conceptual understanding of the unified nature of statistical inference, perform frequentist and Bayesian statistical inference and modeling to understand natural phenomena and make data-based decisions, communicate statistical results correctly, effectively, and in context without relying on statistical jargon, critique data-based claims and evaluated data-based decisions, and wrangle and visualize data with R packages for data analysis.You will produce a portfolio of data analysis projects from the Specialization that demonstrates mastery of statistical data analysis from exploratory analysis to inference to modeling, suitable for applying for statistical analysis or data scientist positions.;
Identify interesting questions, analyze data sets, and correctly interpret results to make solid, evidence-based decisions.This Specialization covers research methods, design and statistical analysis for social science research questions. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply the skills you learned by developing your own research question, gathering data, and analyzing and reporting on the results using statistical methods.;
This Specialization is for aspiring software developers with some programming experience in at least one other programming language (e.g., Python, C, JavaScript, etc.) who want to be able to solve more complex problems through objected-oriented design with Java. In addition to learning Java, you will gain experience with two Java development environments (BlueJ and Eclipse), learn how to program with graphical user interfaces, and learn how to design programs capable of managing large amounts of data. These software engineering skills are broadly applicable across wide array of industries.;
This specialization is a mix of theory and practice: you will learn algorithmic techniques for solving various computational problems and will implement about 100 algorithmic coding problems in a programming language of your choice. No other online course in Algorithms even comes close to offering you a wealth of programming challenges that you may face at your next job interview. To prepare you, we invested over 3000 hours into designing our challenges as an alternative to multiple choice questions that you usually find in MOOCs. Sorry, we do not believe in multiple choice questions when it comes to learning algorithms...or anything else in computer science! For each algorithm you develop and implement, we designed multiple tests to check its correctness and running time — you will have to debug your programs without even knowing what these tests are! It may sound difficult, but we believe it is the only way to truly understand how the algorithms work and to master the art of programming. The specialization contains two real-world projects: Big Networks and Genome Assembly. You will analyze both road networks and social networks and will learn how to compute the shortest route between New York and San Francisco (1000 times faster than the standard shortest path algorithms!) Afterwards, you will learn how to assemble genomes from millions of short fragments of DNA and how assembly algorithms fuel recent developments in personalized medicine.;
Learn front-end and hybrid mobile development, with server-side support, for implementing a multi-platform solution.The first two courses in this Specialization cover front-end frameworks: Bootstrap 4 and Angular. You’ll also learn to create hybrid mobile applications, using the Ionic framework, Cordova and NativeScript. On the server side, you’ll learn to implement NoSQL databases using MongoDB, work within a Node.js environment and Express framework, and communicate to the client side through a RESTful API. Learners enrolling in this Specialization are expected to have prior working knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript.Ideally learners should complete the courses in the specified sequence. It is strongly recommended that the Angular course be completed before proceeding with the Ionic and Cordova and/or the NativeScript course.;
This Specialization is for learners wishing to dramatically change the way that they use Excel spreadsheets by unleashing the power to automate and optimize spreadsheets using Visual Basic for Applications (VBA). The first two courses will teach learners the basics of VBA through the use of dozens of educational screencasts and a series of quizzes and in-application programming assignments. Finally, in Part 3 of the course, learners will complete 3 "real world" and somewhat open ended projects, which are graded through peer review.;
Мы покажем, как проходит полный цикл анализа, от сбора данных до выбора оптимального решения и оценки его качества. Вы научитесь пользоваться современными аналитическими инструментами и адаптировать их под особенности конкретных задач.В рамках специализации вы освоите основные темы, необходимые в работе с большим массивом данных, в т.ч. современные методы классификации и регрессии, поиск структуры в данных, проведение экспериментов, построение выводов, базовая фундаментальная математика, основы программирования на Python.Мы разберём, как построить рекомендательную систему, оценить эмоциональную окраску текста, спрогнозировать спрос на товар, оценить вероятность клика по рекламе и т.д.В финале вам потребуется выполнить проект собственной системы, решающей любую актуальную для бизнеса задачу. Результатом будет наглядная работающая модель, которую вы сможете использовать в вашей повседневной работе или продемонстрировать на собеседовании.Все, прошедшие специализацию, могут принять участие в Программе трудоустройства. Если вы заинтересованы в новых проектах, новых перспективах и возможностях - пройдите обучение по Специализации и подайте заявку.;
Discover how to write elegant code that works the first time it is run.This Specialization provides a hands-on introduction to functional programming using the widespread programming language, Scala. It begins from the basic building blocks of the functional paradigm, first showing how to use these blocks to solve small problems, before building up to combining these concepts to architect larger functional programs. You'll see how the functional paradigm facilitates parallel and distributed programming, and through a series of hands on examples and programming assignments, you'll learn how to analyze data sets small to large, from parallel programming on multicore architectures, to distributed programming on a cluster using Apache Spark. A final capstone project will allow you to apply the skills you learned by building a large data-intensive application using real-world data.;
Design, create, and deploy a fun IoT device using Arduino and Raspberry Pi platforms.This Specialization covers embedded systems, the Raspberry Pi Platform, and the Arduino environment for building devices that can control the physical world. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply the skills you learned by designing, building, and testing a microcontroller-based embedded system, producing a unique final project suitable for showcasing to future employers. Please note that this specialization does not offer discussion forums.;
Topics covered by this Specialization include basic object-oriented programming, the analysis of asymptotic algorithmic run times, and the implementation of basic data structures including arrays, hash tables, linked lists, trees, heaps and graphs, as well as algorithms for traversals, rebalancing and shortest paths.This Specialization sequence is designed to help prospective applicants to the flexible and affordable Online Master of Computer Science (MCS) and MCS in Data Science prepare for the Online MCS Entrance Exam. The Online MCS Entrance Exam allows applicants who do not have graded and transcripted prerequisite CS coursework in the areas of data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented programming to strengthen their applications for admission. Learn more about the Online MCS Entrance Exam.;
Build models, make inferences, and deliver interactive data products.This specialization continues and develops on the material from the Data Science: Foundations using R specialization. It covers statistical inference, regression models, machine learning, and the development of data products. In the Capstone Project, you’ll apply the skills learned by building a data product using real-world data. At completion, learners will have a portfolio demonstrating their mastery of the material.The five courses in this specialization are the very same courses that make up the second half of the Data Science Specialization. This specialization is presented for learners who have already mastered the fundamentals and want to skip right to the more advanced courses.;
This specialization is designed to teach learners beginning and intermediate concepts of statistical analysis using the Python programming language. Learners will learn where data come from, what types of data can be collected, study data design, data management, and how to effectively carry out data exploration and visualization. They will be able to utilize data for estimation and assessing theories, construct confidence intervals, interpret inferential results, and apply more advanced statistical modeling procedures. Finally, they will learn the importance of and be able to connect research questions to the statistical and data analysis methods taught to them.;
This introduction to Python will kickstart your learning of Python for data science, as well as programming in general. This beginner-friendly Python course will take you from zero to programming in Python in a matter of hours.Module 1 - Python Basicso	Your first programo	Typeso	Expressions and Variableso	String OperationsModule 2 - Python Data Structureso	Lists and Tupleso	Setso	DictionariesModule 3 - Python Programming Fundamentalso	Conditions and Branchingo	Loopso	Functionso	Objects and ClassesModule 4 - Working with Data in Pythono	Reading files with openo	Writing files with openo	Loading data with Pandaso	Numpy Finally, you will create a project to test your skills.;
You will learn how to design technologies that bring people joy, rather than frustration. You'll learn how to generate design ideas, techniques for quickly prototyping them, and how to use prototypes to get feedback from other stakeholders like your teammates, clients, and users. You'll also learn principles of visual design, perception, and cognition that inform effective interaction design.;
The Data Science and Machine Learning for Asset Management Specialization has been designed to deliver a broad and comprehensive introduction to modern methods in Investment Management, with a particular emphasis on the use of data science and machine learning techniques to improve investment decisions.By the end of this specialization, you will have acquired the tools required for making sound investment decisions, with an emphasis not only on the foundational theory and underlying concepts, but also on practical applications and implementation. Instead of merely explaining the science, we help you build on that foundation in a practical manner, with an emphasis on the hands-on implementation of those ideas in the Python programming language through a series of dedicated lab sessions.;
Be at the forefront of the autonomous driving industry. With market researchers predicting a $42-billion market and more than 20 million self-driving cars on the road by 2025, the next big job boom is right around the corner.This Specialization gives you a comprehensive understanding of state-of-the-art engineering practices used in the self-driving car industry. You'll get to interact with real data sets from an autonomous vehicle (AV)―all through hands-on projects using the open source simulator CARLA.Throughout your courses, you’ll hear from industry experts who work at companies like Oxbotica and Zoox as they share insights about autonomous technology and how that is powering job growth within the field.You’ll learn from a highly realistic driving environment that features 3D pedestrian modelling and environmental conditions. When you complete the Specialization successfully, you’ll be able to build your own self-driving software stack and be ready to apply for jobs in the autonomous vehicle industry.It is recommended that you have some background in linear algebra, probability, statistics, calculus, physics, control theory, and Python programming. You will need these specifications in order to effectively run the CARLA simulator: Windows 7 64-bit (or later) or Ubuntu 16.04 (or later), Quad-core Intel or AMD processor (2.5 GHz or faster), NVIDIA GeForce 470 GTX or AMD Radeon 6870 HD series card or higher, 8 GB RAM, and OpenGL 3 or greater (for Linux computers).;
As a coursera certified specialization completer you will have a proven deep understanding on massive parallel data processing, data exploration and visualization, and advanced machine learning &amp, deep learning. You'll understand the mathematical foundations behind all machine learning &amp, deep learning algorithms. You can apply knowledge in practical use cases, justify architectural decisions, understand the characteristics of different algorithms, frameworks &amp, technologies &amp, how they impact model performance &amp, scalability.If you choose to take this specialization and earn the Coursera specialization certificate, you will also earn an IBM digital badge. To find out more about IBM digital badges follow the link ibm.biz/badging.;
When you complete the SAS® Base Programming courses, you will have demonstrated skills in manipulating and transforming data, combining SAS data sets, creating basic detail and summary reports using SAS procedures and identifying and correcting data, syntax and programming logic errors. These skills prepare you for the SAS® Base Programmer certification exam.;
This Specialization covers the fundamentals of web development with Ruby on Rails. You’ll learn everything you need to develop your own web application using Ruby on Rails, SQL and NoSQL databases, and HTML/CSS, and Javascript. We will also touch on advanced topics such as security, services using HTTP/RESTful access patterns, and user access and user experience from multiple device platforms. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply your skills to develop a web application that hosts uploaded photos and displays them using a map.;
In this four-course Specialization, you’ll learn the essential skills of portfolio management and personal investing.All investors – from the largest wealth funds to the smallest individual investors – share common issues in investing: how to meet their liabilities, how to decide where to invest, and how much risk to take on. In this Specialization, you will learn how to think about, discuss, and formulate solutions to these investment questions. You will learn the theory and the real-world skills necessary to design, execute, and evaluate investment proposals that meet financial objectives. You will begin with an overview of global financial markets and instruments that characterize the investment opportunities available to today’s investor. You will then learn how to construct optimal portfolios that manage risk effectively, and how to capitalize on understanding behavioral biases and irrational behavior in financial markets. You will learn the best practices in portfolio management and performance evaluation as well as current investment strategies. By the end of your Capstone Project, you will have mastered the analytical tools, quantitative skills, and practical knowledge necessary for long-term investment management success.To see an overview video for this Specialization, click here!;
В специализации преподаватели делятся своим многолетним опытом создания больших проектов на языке C++. Они не пересказывают учебник, а учат решать задачи, с которыми на практике сталкиваются большинство разработчиков. Лекции, подаваемые в лёгкой и доступной форме, подкрепляются большим количество задач по программированию. Закончив эту специализацию, вы сможете не только рассуждать о C++, сравнивая его с другими языками, но и получите реальный навык программирования.;
This Specialization covers much of the material that first-year Computer Science students take at Rice University. Students learn sophisticated programming skills in Python from the ground up and apply these skills in building more than 20 fun projects. The Specialization concludes with a Capstone exam that allows the students to demonstrate the range of knowledge that they have acquired in the Specialization.;
Despite the recent increase in computing power and access to data over the last couple of decades, our ability to use the data within the decision making process is either lost or not maximized at all too often, we don't have a solid understanding of the questions being asked and how to apply the data correctly to the problem at hand.This course has one purpose, and that is to share a methodology that can be used within data science, to ensure that the data used in problem solving is relevant and properly manipulated to address the question at hand.Accordingly, in this course, you will learn:    - The major steps involved in tackling a data science problem.    - The major steps involved in practicing data science, from forming a concrete business or research problem, to collecting and analyzing data, to building a model, and understanding the feedback after model deployment.    - How data scientists think!LIMITED TIME OFFER: Subscription is only $39 USD per month for access to graded materials and a certificate.;
Statistics are everywhere. The probability it will rain today. Trends over time in unemployment rates. The odds that India will win the next cricket world cup. In sports like football, they started out as a bit of fun but have grown into big business. Statistical analysis also has a key role in medicine, not least in the broad and core discipline of public health.In this specialisation, you’ll take a peek at what medical research is and how – and indeed why – you turn a vague notion into a scientifically testable hypothesis. You’ll learn about key statistical concepts like sampling, uncertainty, variation, missing values and distributions. Then you’ll get your hands dirty with analysing data sets covering some big public health challenges – fruit and vegetable consumption and cancer, risk factors for diabetes, and predictors of death following heart failure hospitalisation – using R, one of the most widely used and versatile free software packages around.This specialisation consists of four courses – statistical thinking, linear regression, logistic regression and survival analysis – and is part of our upcoming Global Master in Public Health degree, which is due to start in September 2019.The specialisation can be taken independently of the GMPH and will assume no knowledge of statistics or R software. You just need an interest in medical matters and quantitative data.;
Join Us in a Top 50 MOOC of All Time!How do we sequence and compare genomes? How do we identify the genetic basis for disease? How do we construct an evolutionary Tree of Life for all species on Earth?When you complete this Specialization, you will learn how to answer many questions in modern biology that have become inseparable from the computational approaches used to solve them. You will also obtain a toolkit of existing software resources built on these computational approaches and that are used by thousands of biologists every day in one of the fastest growing fields in science.Although this Specialization centers on computational topics, you do not need to know how to program in order to complete it. If you are interested in programming, we feature an "Honors Track" (called "hacker track" in previous runs of the course). The Honors Track allows you to implement the bioinformatics algorithms that you will encounter along the way in dozens of automatically graded coding challenges. By completing the Honors Track, you will be a bioinformatics software professional!Learn more about the Bioinformatics Specialization (including why we are wearing these crazy outfits) by watching our introductory video.You can purchase the Specialization's print companion, Bioinformatics Algorithms: An Active Learning Approach, from the textbook website.Our first course, "Finding Hidden Messages in DNA", was named a top-50 MOOC of all time by Class Central!;
If you are a software developer who wants to build scalable AI-powered algorithms, you need to understand how to use the tools to build them. This course is part of the upcoming Machine Learning in Tensorflow Specialization and will teach you best practices for using TensorFlow, a popular open-source framework for machine learning. The Machine Learning course and Deep Learning Specialization from Andrew Ng teach the most important and foundational principles of Machine Learning and Deep Learning. This new deeplearning.ai TensorFlow Specialization teaches you how to use TensorFlow to implement those principles so that you can start building and applying scalable models to real-world problems. To develop a deeper understanding of how neural networks work, we recommend that you take the Deep Learning Specialization.;
In the Software Design and Architecture Specialization, you will learn how to apply design principles, patterns, and architectures to create reusable and flexible software applications and systems. You will learn how to express and document the design and architecture of a software system using a visual notation.Practical examples and opportunities to apply your knowledge will help you develop employable skills and relevant expertise in the software industry.;
This course will teach you how to build convolutional neural networks and apply it to image data. Thanks to deep learning, computer vision is working far better than just two years ago, and this is enabling numerous exciting applications ranging from safe autonomous driving, to accurate face recognition, to automatic reading of radiology images. You will:- Understand how to build a convolutional neural network, including recent variations such as residual networks.- Know how to apply convolutional networks to visual detection and recognition tasks.- Know to use neural style transfer to generate art.- Be able to apply these algorithms to a variety of image, video, and other 2D or 3D data.This is the fourth course of the Deep Learning Specialization.;
This specialization introduces the Go programming language from Google and provides learners with an overview of Go's special features. Upon completing the three-course sequence, learners will have gained the knowledge and skills needed to create concise, efficient, and clean applications using Go.;
This specialization develops strong programming fundamentals for learners who want to solve complex problems by writing computer programs. Through four courses, you will learn to develop algorithms in a systematic way and read and write the C code to implement them. This will prepare you to pursue a career in software development or other computational fields.Successful completion of this Specialization will be considered by admissions as a demonstration of your skill and enhance your master’s application to Duke’s Pratt School of Engineering.;
In this course you will get an introduction to the main tools and ideas in the data scientist's toolbox. The course gives an overview of the data, questions, and tools that data analysts and data scientists work with. There are two components to this course. The first is a conceptual introduction to the ideas behind turning data into actionable knowledge. The second is a practical introduction to the tools that will be used in the program like version control, markdown, git, GitHub, R, and RStudio.;
Discrete Math is needed to see mathematical structures in the object you work with, and understand their properties. This ability is important for software engineers, data scientists, security and financial analysts (it is not a coincidence that math puzzles are often used for interviews). We cover the basic notions and results (combinatorics, graphs, probability, number theory) that are universally needed. To deliver techniques and ideas in discrete mathematics to the learner we extensively use interactive puzzles specially created for this specialization. To bring the learners experience closer to IT-applications we incorporate programming examples, problems and projects in our courses.;
Break into the video game industry with theoretical, technical, and business knowledge from one of the world’s best programs.This Specialization covers the theoretical and practical foundations of video game production using the Unity 3D game engine. The Specialization is taught by faculty at Michigan State University with over fifty years of combined experience building games and teaching game production. Michigan State University is one of the top-rated game design and development programs in North America. You’ll learn to develop a game concept, prototype, test, and iterate on your ideas, and navigate licensing, marketing, and other business considerations. The specialization builds a solid foundation for industry roles as a gameplay designer, level designer, technical designer, technical artist, programmer, or producer. The capstone partner for the specialization is the online game portal Kongregate, which provides an avenue for distribution of the capstone project, as well as a pathway for monetization for aspiring game developers.;
This specialization introduces blockchain, a revolutionary technology that enables peer-to-peer transfer of digital assets without any intermediaries, and is predicted to be just as impactful as the Internet. More specifically, it prepares learners to program on the Ethereum blockchain. The four courses provide learners with (i) an understanding and working knowledge of foundational blockchain concepts, (ii) a skill set for designing and implementing smart contracts, (iii) methods for developing decentralized applications on the blockchain, and (iv) information about the ongoing specific industry-wide blockchain frameworks.The specialization covers a range of essential topics, from the cryptographic underpinnings of blockchain technology to enabling decentralized applications on a private Ethereum blockchain platform.It is ideal for programmers and designers involved in developing and implementing blockchain applications, and anyone who is interested in understanding its potential.;
This specialisation covers topics ranging from basic computing principles to the mathematical foundations required for computer science. You will learn fundamental concepts of how computers work, which can be applied to any software or computer system. You will also gain the practical skillset needed to write interactive, graphical programs at an introductory level. The numerical mathematics component will provide you with numerical and computational tools that are essential for the problem solving and modelling stages of computer science.;
This Specialization is intended for health professionals, administrators, health IT staff, vendors, startups, and patients who need or want to participate in the health IT/informatics process. Throughout the five courses of this Specialization, you will learn about the social and technical context of health informatics problems, how to successfully implement health informatics interventions, how to design a health informatics solution for decision support, and how to answer a health informatics problem through data retrieval and analysis.;
Learn how to analyze data using Python. This course will take you from the basics of Python to exploring many different types of data. You will learn how to prepare data for analysis, perform simple statistical analysis, create meaningful data visualizations, predict future trends from data, and more!Topics covered:1) Importing Datasets2) Cleaning the Data3) Data frame manipulation4) Summarizing the Data5) Building machine learning Regression models6) Building data pipelines Data Analysis with Python will be delivered through lecture, lab, and assignments. It includes following parts:Data Analysis libraries: will learn to use Pandas, Numpy and Scipy libraries to work with a sample dataset. We will introduce you to pandas, an open-source library, and we will use it to load, manipulate, analyze, and visualize cool datasets. Then we will introduce you to another open-source library, scikit-learn, and we will use some of its machine learning algorithms to build smart models and make cool predictions.If you choose to take this course and earn the Coursera course certificate, you will also earn an IBM digital badge.  LIMITED TIME OFFER: Subscription is only $39 USD per month for access to graded materials and a certificate.;
Программа состоит из четырех курсов, каждый из которых раскрывает определенную тему в Python. Сначала вы научитесь основным конструкциям языка и другим особенностям программирования на Python, далее углубитесь в объектно-ориентированное программирование. Научитесь создавать веб-сервисы и проводить анализ данных. Программа подойдет для студентов и профессионалов с начальными навыками программирования.;
This specialization is intended for beginning programmers who want to learn how to program Unity games using C#. The first course assumes no programming experience, and throughout the 5 courses in the specialization you'll learn how to program in C# and how to use that C# knowledge to program Unity games. The C# and Unity material in the first 4 courses in the specialization is slightly more comprehensive than the content in the first 2 game programming courses at UCCS.“Unity” is a trademark or registered trademark of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere.The courses in this specialization are independent works and are not sponsored by, authorized by, or affiliated with Unity Technologies or its affiliates;
This program is intended for anyone who wants to learn how to develop Apps using Swift and iOS. Through four courses, you will learn topics beginning with the absolute basics and ending with selling your apps on the app store. This program provides the skills you'll need to advance your programming career and seek employment in Swift and iOS application development.Throughout this hands-on program, you'll have the opportunity to practice key job skills. You'll learn about the Swift language and how to code iOS applications. You'll create user interfaces and interact with user and system data using tables and data persistence. You'll develop fully functional applications and learn how to monetize them with in-app add, purchases, and subscriptions.By the end of this Professional Certificate program, you will have completed several projects showcasing your proficiency in Swift 5 and iOS programming, and you will have developed the skills necessary to begin a career as a Swift and/or iOS application developer. You will also be able to share evidence of your success with your professional network and potential employers.;
This course introduces the basics of Python 3, including conditional execution and iteration as control structures, and strings and lists as data structures. You'll program an on-screen Turtle to draw pretty pictures. You'll also learn to draw reference diagrams as a way to reason about program executions, which will help to build up your debugging skills. The course has no prerequisites. It will cover Chapters 1-9 of the textbook "Fundamentals of Python Programming," which is the accompanying text (optional and free) for this course.The course is for you if you're a newcomer to Python programming, if you need a refresher on Python basics, or if you may have had some exposure to Python programming but want a more in-depth exposition and vocabulary for describing and reasoning about programs.This is the first of five courses in the Python 3 Programming Specialization.;
This Specialization covers intermediate topics in software development. You’ll learn object-oriented programming principles that will allow you to use Java to its full potential, and you’ll implement data structures and algorithms for organizing large amounts of data in a way that is both efficient and easy to work with. You’ll also practice critically evaluating your own code, and you’ll build technical communication skills that will help you prepare for job interviews and collaborative work as a software engineer. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply your skills to analyze data collected from a real-world (social) network. Google has contributed real-world projects and the involvement of its engineers as guest lecturers to these courses. A small, select group of top learners who complete the Specialization will be offered practice interviews with Google recruiters. Invitation to a practice interview does not guarantee an actual interview or employment.;
The Introduction to Robotics Specialization introduces you to the concepts of robot flight and movement, how robots perceive their environment, and how they adjust their movements to avoid obstacles, navigate difficult terrains and accomplish complex tasks such as construction and disaster recovery. You will be exposed to real world examples of how robots have been applied in disaster situations, how they have made advances in human health care and what their future capabilities will be. The courses build towards a capstone in which you will learn how to program a robot to perform a variety of movements such as flying and grasping objects.;
In this course you will learn how to program in R and how to use R for effective data analysis. You will learn how to install and configure software necessary for a statistical programming environment and describe generic programming language concepts as they are implemented in a high-level statistical language. The course covers practical issues in statistical computing which includes programming in R, reading data into R, accessing R packages, writing R functions, debugging, profiling R code, and organizing and commenting R code. Topics in statistical data analysis will provide working examples.;
If you are a software developer who wants to build scalable AI-powered algorithms, you need to understand how to use the tools to build them. This course is part of the upcoming Machine Learning in Tensorflow Specialization and will teach you best practices for using TensorFlow, a popular open-source framework for machine learning.In Course 2 of the deeplearning.ai TensorFlow Specialization, you will learn advanced techniques to improve the computer vision model you built in Course 1. You will explore how to work with real-world images in different shapes and sizes, visualize the journey of an image through convolutions to understand how a computer “sees” information, plot loss and accuracy, and explore strategies to prevent overfitting, including augmentation and dropout. Finally, Course 2 will introduce you to transfer learning and how learned features can be extracted from models. The Machine Learning course and Deep Learning Specialization from Andrew Ng teach the most important and foundational principles of Machine Learning and Deep Learning. This new deeplearning.ai TensorFlow Specialization teaches you how to use TensorFlow to implement those principles so that you can start building and applying scalable models to real-world problems. To develop a deeper understanding of how neural networks work, we recommend that you take the Deep Learning Specialization.;
This specialization is intended for beginners who would like to master essential programming skills. Through four courses, you will cover key programming concepts in Python 3 which will prepare you to use Python to perform common scripting tasks. This knowledge will provide a solid foundation towards a career in data science, software engineering, or other disciplines involving programming.;
This three-course specialization will introduce you to the many out of box capabilities of the Google Cloud Platform (Apigee) and how to apply them to your APIs to properly implement and secure them. Through a combination of video lectures, hands on labs, and supplemental materials, you'll learn how to design, build, and deploy your API solution using services on the Google Apigee Platform.This specialization is intended for API designers and developers and is considered to be fundamental. We highly recommend this training prior to working on the Google Apigee PlatformThis specialization will allow you to spin up your own free environment and develop your first set of APIs as the instructor walks you through a specific real world scenario.Note: If you wish to become Apigee certified, please refer to the following URL for more information:https://apigee.com/api-management/#/certification;
This course will introduce students to the basics of the Structured Query Language (SQL) as well as basic database design for storing data as part of a multi-step data gathering, analysis, and processing effort.  The course will use SQLite3 as its database.  We will also build web crawlers and multi-step data gathering and visualization processes.  We will use the D3.js library to do basic data visualization.  This course will cover Chapters 14-15 of the book “Python for Everybody”. To succeed in this course, you should be familiar with the material covered in Chapters 1-13 of the textbook and the first three courses in this specialization. This course covers Python 3.;
The Cloud Computing Specialization takes you on a tour through cloud computing systems. We start in in the middle layer with Cloud Computing Concepts covering core distributed systems concepts used inside clouds, move to the upper layer of Cloud Applications and finally to the lower layer of Cloud Networking. We conclude with a project that allows you to apply the skills you've learned throughout the courses.The first four courses in this Specialization form the lecture component of courses in our online Master of Computer Science Degree in Data Science. You can apply to the degree program either before or after you begin the Specialization.;
"Everyday Excel, Part 1" is aimed at learners who are seeking to learn Excel from the ground up.  No experience with Excel is necessary.  While this course is meant for beginners of Excel, advanced users will undoubtedly pick up new skills and tools.This course is the first part of a three-part series and Specialization that focuses on teaching introductory through very advanced techniques and tools in Excel.  In this course (Part 1), you will: 1) learn how to effectively navigate around the Excel environment, 2) edit and format Excel worksheets, 3) implement basic to advanced Excel functions (including financial, logical, and text functions), 4) learn how to manage data sets (filter, remove duplicates, consolidate data, sort data, and validate data), and 5) learn how to effectively visualize data through scatterplots, column charts, and pie charts.New to Excel?  That is entirely fine!  This course is meant to be fun, thought-provoking, and appeal to a wide audience.  No prior knowledge in programming nor advanced math skills are necessary.  The course is organized into 5 Weeks (modules).  To pass each module, you'll need to pass a mastery quiz and complete a problem solving assignment.  This course is unique in that the weekly assignments are completed in-application (i.e., on your own computer in Excel), providing you with valuable hands-on training.;
If you’ve ever skipped over`the results section of a medical paper because terms like “confidence interval” or “p-value” go over your head, then you’re in the right place. You may be a clinical practitioner reading research articles to keep up-to-date with developments in your field or a medical student wondering how to approach your own research. Greater confidence in understanding statistical analysis and the results can benefit both working professionals and those undertaking research themselves. If you are simply interested in properly understanding the published literature or if you are embarking on conducting your own research, this course is your first step. It offers an easy entry into interpreting common statistical concepts without getting into nitty-gritty mathematical formulae. To be able to interpret and understand these concepts is the best way to start your journey into the world of clinical literature. That’s where this course comes in - so let’s get started!The course is free to enroll and take. You will be offered the option of purchasing a certificate of completion which you become eligible for, if you successfully complete the course requirements. This can be an excellent way of staying motivated!  Financial Aid is also available.;
This Specialization provides a rigorous treatment of spatial motion and the dynamics of rigid bodies, employing representations from modern screw theory and the product of exponentials formula. Students with a freshman-level engineering background will quickly learn to apply these tools to analysis, planning, and control of robot motion. Students' understanding of the mathematics of robotics will be solidified by writing robotics software. Students will test their software on a free state-of-the-art cross-platform robot simulator, allowing each student to have an authentic robot programming experience with industrial robot manipulators and mobile robots without purchasing expensive robot hardware. It is highly recommended that Courses 1-6 of the Specialization are taken in order, since the material builds on itself.;
Welcome to Data-driven Decision Making. In this course you'll get an introduction to Data Analytics and its role in business decisions. You'll learn why data is important and how it has evolved. You'll be introduced to “Big Data” and how it is used. You'll also be introduced to a framework for conducting Data Analysis and what tools and techniques are commonly used. Finally, you'll have a chance to put your knowledge to work in a simulated business setting.This course was created by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with an address at 300 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, 10017.;
This Professional Certificate is intended to provide the foundational skills required to launch a career in the enterprise platform that powers over 68% of worldwide transactions. Companies around the world are searching for these skills to run their critical system workloads. In this series of courses, the learner will be introduced to various operating systems, mainframe applications, and get real-time hands-on experience on an IBM Z server. The skills acquired on completion of this Professional Certificate allows the learner to pursue a career as a mainframe application developer, system programmer, system administrator, or a DBA Practitioner.There are three courses in this specialisation, please be sure to complete all three in order to maximise your time and effort.Course 1: Introduction to Enterprise ComputingCourse 2 : Getting Started on Mainframe with z/OS Commands and PanelsCourse 3 : Basic System Programming on IBM ZOn successful completion of this professional certificate, the learners will be eligible to claim the IBM z/OS Mainframe Practitioner Professional Certificate badge. More information can be found here;
Course Overview: https://youtu.be/JgFV5qzAYnoPython is now becoming the number 1 programming language for data science. Due to python’s simplicity and high readability, it is gaining its importance in the financial industry.  The course combines both python coding and statistical concepts and applies into analyzing financial data, such as stock data.By the end of the course, you can achieve the following using python:- Import, pre-process, save and visualize financial data into pandas Dataframe- Manipulate the existing financial data by generating new variables using multiple columns- Recall and apply the important statistical concepts (random variable, frequency, distribution, population and sample, confidence interval, linear regression, etc. ) into financial contexts- Build a trading model using multiple linear regression model - Evaluate the performance of the trading model using different investment indicatorsJupyter Notebook environment is configured in the course platform for practicing python coding without installing any client applications.;
This Specialization is designed for people who are new to software engineering. It's also for those who have already developed software, but wish to gain a deeper understanding of the underlying context and theory of software development practices.At the end of this Specialization, we expect learners to be able to:1.) Build high-quality and secure software using SDLC methodologies such as agile, lean, and traditional/waterfall.2.) Analyze a software development team's SDLC methodology and make recommendations for improvements.3.) Compare and contrast software development methodologies with respect to environmental, organizational, and product constraints.;
"Excel/VBA for Creative Problem Solving, Part 1" is aimed at learners who are seeking to augment, expand, optimize, and increase the efficiency of their Excel spreadsheet skills by tapping into the powerful programming, automation, and customization capabilities available with Visual Basic for Applications (VBA).  This course is the first part of a three-part series and Specialization that focuses on the application of computing techniques in Excel/VBA to solve problems.  In this course (Part 1), you will: 1) create macros to automate procedures in Excel, 2) define your own user-defined functions, 3) create basic subroutines to interface with the user, 4) learn the basic programming structures in VBA, and 5) automate Excel’s Goal Seek and Solver tools and use numerical techniques to create “live solutions” to solve targeting and optimization problems.New to computer programming?  The extremely intuitive and visual nature of VBA lends itself nicely to teaching and learning - what a fun way to learn to code!  No prior knowledge in programming nor advanced math skills are necessary yet seasoned programmers will pick up new and creative spreadsheet problem solving strategies.After you have learned the basics of VBA, each module will introduce foundational and broad problems inspired by situations that you might encounter in the real world.  To pass each module, you'll need to pass a mastery quiz and complete a problem solving assignment.  This course is unique in that the weekly assignments are completed in-application (i.e., on your own computer in Excel), providing you with valuable hands-on training.;
This Specialization enables learners to successfully apply core Java programming languages features &amp, software patterns needed to develop maintainable mobile apps comprised of core Android components, as well as fundamental Java I/O &amp, persistence mechanisms.The Capstone project will integrate the material from throughout the Specialization to exercise and assess the ability of learners to create an interesting Android app by applying knowledge and skills learned in previous MOOCs, including Java programming features, Android Studio tools, Android Activity components, Material Design, file I/O and data persistence, unit testing, and software patterns. The project itself will be similar in design goals to previous assignments, however it will provide less of the skeleton code than earlier MOOCs provide to enable more creativity to learners and greater opportunity for learners to customize the app.;
In this course, you will learn what the main financial markets and their characteristics are as well as how they are linked to the economy. Our very diversified team of experts will start by teaching you how the price of stocks and bonds are computed and why they move while you will become increasingly aware of the notion of risk and why it matters when measuring an investment's performance. The focus will then move to less popular markets such as gold, emerging markets, real estate, hedge funds and private markets. These will be analyzed with an emphasis on their particular risks and return opportunities as well as how they can help in building efficient portfolios. Finally, the policies of central banks and their impact on financial markets will be presented to you along with the link between the economy and the price of financial assets.All along these different steps, experts from UBS, our corporate partner, will show you how the concepts you just acquired are effectively applied in a leading global bank. This focus on practicality means you will not only understand what is going on in global financial markets but also start to figure out how you can use them to achieve financial goals, be it a client's or your own.Course Director and main teaching contributor: Dr. Michel Girardin, Lecturer in Macro-Finance, University of Geneva;
The main goal of this specialization is to provide the knowledge and practical skills necessary to develop a strong foundation on core paradigms and algorithms of machine learning (ML), with a particular focus on applications of ML to various practical problems in Finance.The specialization aims at helping students to be able to solve practical ML-amenable problems that they may encounter in real life that include:(1) mapping the problem on a general landscape of available ML methods,(2) choosing particular ML approach(es) that would be most appropriate for resolving the problem, and(3) successfully implementing a solution, and assessing its performance.The specialization is designed for three categories of students:· Practitioners working at financial institutions such as banks, asset management firms or hedge funds· Individuals interested in applications of ML for personal day trading· Current full-time students pursuing a degree in Finance, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or other related disciplines who want to learn about practical applications of ML in Finance.The modules can also be taken individually to improve relevant skills in a particular area of applications of ML to finance.;
In this course, learners will be introduced to the field of statistics, including where data come from, study design, data management, and exploring and visualizing data. Learners will identify different types of data, and learn how to visualize, analyze, and interpret summaries for both univariate and multivariate data. Learners will also be introduced to the differences between probability and non-probability sampling from larger populations, the idea of how sample estimates vary, and how inferences can be made about larger populations based on probability sampling.At the end of each week, learners will apply the statistical concepts they’ve learned using Python within the course environment. During these lab-based sessions, learners will discover the different uses of Python as a tool, including the Numpy, Pandas, Statsmodels, Matplotlib, and Seaborn libraries. Tutorial videos are provided to walk learners through the creation of visualizations and data management, all within Python. This course utilizes the Jupyter Notebook environment within Coursera.;
The Open Source Software Development, Linux and Git Specialization will give you a strong foundation for working comfortably and productively in open source development communities. By completing the specialization, you’ll have a better understanding of the Linux environment, as well as methods and tools required to successfully use it, and you’ll know how to use git, the distributed version control system.;
This course will introduce the learner to information visualization basics, with a focus on reporting and charting using the matplotlib library. The course will start with a design and information literacy perspective, touching on what makes a good and bad visualization, and what statistical measures translate into in terms of visualizations. The second week will focus on the technology used to make visualizations in python, matplotlib, and introduce users to best practices when creating basic charts and how to realize design decisions in the framework. The third week will be a tutorial of functionality available in matplotlib, and demonstrate a variety of basic statistical charts helping learners to identify when a particular method is good for a particular problem. The course will end with a discussion of other forms of structuring and visualizing data. This course should be taken after Introduction to Data Science in Python and before the remainder of the Applied Data Science with Python courses: Applied Machine Learning in Python, Applied Text Mining in Python, and Applied Social Network Analysis in Python.;
Parallel, concurrent, and distributed programming underlies software in multiple domains, ranging from biomedical research to financial services. This specialization is intended for anyone with a basic knowledge of sequential programming in Java, who is motivated to learn how to write parallel, concurrent and distributed programs. Through a collection of three courses (which may be taken in any order or separately), you will learn foundational topics in Parallelism, Concurrency, and Distribution. These courses will prepare you for multithreaded and distributed programming for a wide range of computer platforms, from mobile devices to cloud computing servers.To see an overview video for this Specialization, click here! For an interview with two early-career software engineers on the relevance of parallel computing to their jobs, click here.AcknowledgmentsThe instructor, Prof. Vivek Sarkar, would like to thank Dr. Max Grossman for his contributions to the mini-projects and other course material, Dr. Zoran Budimlic for his contributions to the quizzes, Dr. Max Grossman and Dr. Shams Imam for their contributions to the pedagogic PCDP library used in some of the mini-projects, and all members of the Rice Online team who contributed to the development of the course content (including Martin Calvi, Annette Howe, Seth Tyger, and Chong Zhou).;
This course offers a brief introduction to the multivariate calculus required to build many common machine learning techniques. We start at the very beginning with a refresher on the “rise over run” formulation of a slope, before converting this to the formal definition of the gradient of a function. We then start to build up a set of tools for making calculus easier and faster. Next, we learn how to calculate vectors that point up hill on multidimensional surfaces and even put this into action using an interactive game. We take a look at how we can use calculus to build approximations to functions, as well as helping us to quantify how accurate we should expect those approximations to be. We also spend some time talking about where calculus comes up in the training of neural networks, before finally showing you how it is applied in linear regression models. This course is intended to offer an intuitive understanding of calculus, as well as the language necessary to look concepts up yourselves when you get stuck. Hopefully, without going into too much detail, you’ll still come away with the confidence to dive into some more focused machine learning courses in future.;
Este curso te proporcionará las bases del lenguaje de programación estadística R, la lengua franca de la estadística, el cual te permitirá escribir programas que lean, manipulen y analicen datos cuantitativos. Te explicaremos la instalación del lenguaje, también verás una introducción a los sistemas base de gráficos y al paquete para graficar ggplot2, para visualizar estos datos. Además también abordarás la utilización de uno de los IDEs más populares entre la comunidad de usuarios de R, llamado RStudio.ObjetivoAl término del curso:Utilizarás el lenguaje de programación R con el fin de manipular datos, generar análisis estadísticos y representación gráfica, a través del procesamiento de datos cuantitativos.Forma de trabajoEste curso busca introducirte en el lenguaje de programación estadística R, un lenguaje computacional diseñado para el análisis estadístico de datos. Este curso está dirigido a estudiantes y profesionales que tienen interés en poder utilizar esta herramienta, para leer, manipular, analizar y graficar datos. Utilizarás un IDE (Ambiente de Desarrollo Integrado) muy popular para trabajar con el lenguaje R, llamado RStudio, que se ha vuelto el IDE de facto para programar en R.En cada módulo encontrarás videos que te guiarán en la instalación de las herramientas a utilizar, así como explicaciones de las operaciones básicas y los elementos específicos que ofrecen un manejo más profundo del lenguaje. También hallarás algunas referencias bibliográficas para ahondar en el tema que sea de tu interés.Para complementar las lecciones, realizarás prácticas con el lenguaje, las cuales tendrán valor para la evaluación.;
This course teaches learners how to write a program in the C++ language, including how to set up a development environment for writing and debugging C++ code and how to implement data structures as C++ classes. It is the first course in the Accelerated CS Fundamentals specialization, and subsequent courses in this specialization will be using C++ as the language for implementing the data structures covered in class.;
The Kotlin programming language is a modern language that gives you more power for your everyday tasks. Kotlin is concise, safe, pragmatic, and focused on interoperability with Java code. It can be used almost everywhere Java is used today: for server-side development, Android apps, and much more. Kotlin is 100% compatible with all existing Java frameworks, and has good tooling support. It’s a pragmatic language with a very low learning curve, and can be quickly grasped by Java developers. Kotlin code might be compiled not only to JVM bytecode but to JavaScript and Native code as well, but this course is focused on Kotlin/JVM.This course aims to share with you the power and the beauty of Kotlin. We'll have a basic overview of the language, as well as a discussion of many corner cases, especially concerning Java interoperability. The course is based on your Java experience, it shows the similarities between the two languages and focuses on what's going to be different. Note that this course won't cover the programming fundamentals. We'll discuss: basic syntax, nullability, functional programming with Kotlin, object-oriented programming with Kotlin, the power of the Kotlin standard library, and Java interoperability.;
Are you interested in learning how to program (in Python) within a scientific setting?This course will cover algorithms for solving various biological problems along with a handful of programming challenges helping you implement these algorithms in Python.  It offers a gently-paced introduction to our Bioinformatics Specialization (https://www.coursera.org/specializations/bioinformatics), preparing learners to take the first course in the Specialization, "Finding Hidden Messages in DNA" (https://www.coursera.org/learn/dna-analysis).Each of the four weeks in the course will consist of two required components.  First, an interactive textbook provides Python programming challenges that arise from real biological problems.  If you haven't programmed in Python before, not to worry! We provide "Just-in-Time" exercises from the Codecademy Python track (https://www.codecademy.com/learn/python). And each page in our interactive textbook has its own discussion forum, where you can interact with other learners. Second, each week will culminate in a summary quiz.Lecture videos are also provided that accompany the material, but these videos are optional.;
This course introduces the Bayesian approach to statistics, starting with the concept of probability and moving to the analysis of data. We will learn about the philosophy of the Bayesian approach as well as how to implement it for common types of data. We will compare the Bayesian approach to the more commonly-taught Frequentist approach, and see some of the benefits of the Bayesian approach. In particular, the Bayesian approach allows for better accounting of uncertainty, results that have more intuitive and interpretable meaning, and more explicit statements of assumptions. This course combines lecture videos, computer demonstrations, readings, exercises, and discussion boards to create an active learning experience. For computing, you have the choice of using Microsoft Excel or the open-source, freely available statistical package R, with equivalent content for both options. The lectures provide some of the basic mathematical development as well as explanations of philosophy and interpretation. Completion of this course will give you an understanding of the concepts of the Bayesian approach, understanding the key differences between Bayesian and Frequentist approaches, and the ability to do basic data analyses.;
This course is for users who want to learn how to write SAS programs to access, explore, prepare, and analyze data. It is the entry point to learning SAS programming for data science, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. It is a prerequisite to many other SAS courses.By the end of this course, you will know how to use SAS Studio to write and submit SAS programs that access SAS, Microsoft Excel, and text data. You will know how to explore and validate data, prepare data by subsetting rows and computing new columns, analyze and report on data, export data and results to other formats, use SQL in SAS to query and join tables.Prerequisites:Learners should have experience using computer software. Specifically, you should be able to understand file structures and system commands on your operating systems and access data files on your operating systems. No prior SAS experience is needed.;
R is a programming language and a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics, widely used by data analysts, data scientists and statisticians. This Specialization covers R software development for building data science tools. As the field of data science evolves, it has become clear that software development skills are essential for producing and scaling useful data science results and products.This Specialization will give you rigorous training in the R language, including the skills for handling complex data, building R packages, and developing custom data visualizations. You’ll be introduced to indispensable R libraries for data manipulation, like tidyverse, and data visualization and graphics, like ggplot2. You’ll learn modern software development practices to build tools that are highly reusable, modular, and suitable for use in a team-based environment or a community of developers.This Specialization is designed to serve both data analysts, who may want to gain more familiarity with hands-on, fundamental software skills for their everyday work, as well as data mining experts and data scientists, who may want to use R to scale their developing and programming skills, and further their careers as data science experts.;
Пройдя эту специализацию, вы освоите основные инструменты разработчика интерфейсов. Если всё получится, через 5 месяцев вы сможете работать младшим фронтендером.Специализация состоит из двух частей: два курса про вёрстку и ещё два по JavaScript. Курсы про вёрстку не требуют практически никакой подготовки. Научиться основам JavaScript труднее, поэтому кое-какая подготовка нужна: преподаватели ожидают, что вы уже умеете программировать на каком-нибудь объектно-ориентированном или функциональном языке (например, C++, C#, Java, Python или Haskell).Главная изюминка всех четырёх курсов — сложные, но не оторванные от реальности практические задания. Их составили разработчики Яндекса — они старались, чтобы упражнения как можно больше походили на настоящие рабочие задачи.Пожалуйста, будьте готовы не только слушать лекции и читать учебные материалы, но и самостоятельно искать нужную информацию в интернете — без этого хорошо выполнить задания будет трудно. Навык поиска документации и пояснений к ней очень пригодится, когда вы начнёте профессионально заниматься разработкой для веба.;
This specialization provides learners with the necessary knowledge and practical skills to develop a strong foundation in information visualization and to design and develop advanced applications for visual data analysis.The specialization is characterized by two main complementary features: (1) providing a strong understanding of visual perception and the theory of visual encoding to design and evaluate innovative visualization methods, (2) providing the necessary skills to develop advanced web-based applications for visual data analysis.The specialization is organized around four courses that cover fundamentals, applied perception, advanced visualization method and interactive visualization.The specialization is meant to prepare students to work on complex data science projects that require the development of interactive visual interfaces for data analysis. The courses can also be taken individually to improve relevant skills in visualization. For instance, the course on applied perception provides unique skills to evaluate and design innovative visualization in all sorts of scenarios.;
This capstone project course will give you a taste of what data scientists go through in real life when working with data. You will learn about location data and different location data providers, such as Foursquare. You will learn how to make RESTful API calls to the Foursquare API to retrieve data about venues in different neighborhoods around the world. You will also learn how to be creative in situations where data are not readily available by scraping web data and parsing HTML code. You will utilize Python and its pandas library to manipulate data, which will help you refine your skills for exploring and analyzing data. Finally, you will be required to use the Folium library to great maps of geospatial data and to communicate your results and findings.If you choose to take this course and earn the Coursera course certificate, you will also earn an IBM digital badge upon successful completion of the course.  LIMITED TIME OFFER: Subscription is only $39 USD per month for access to graded materials and a certificate.;
Typography is the art of manipulating the visual form of language to enrich and control its meaning. It’s an essential area of skill and knowledge for graphic designers. Typography predates modern graphic design by around 500 years, it is rich in rules, conventions, and esoteric terminology—but it remains an exciting space for invention and expression.In this rigorous introductory course, we will study, name, and measure the characteristics of letterforms. We’ll consider the pragmatic concerns involved in selecting and combining type. We’ll peek into the  rich historical, cultural, and aesthetic histories of familiar typefaces. We’ll discuss time-tested conventions and best practices in setting type, as governed by principles of hierarchy and spatial organization. And we’ll explore the expressive, meaning-making potential of type. Informative lectures will be complemented by a series of three peer-assessed assignments, culminating  in an opportunity to design a full-scale typographic poster.Please note that this is not a software course, a basic working knowledge of Adobe InDesign or other  page layout software will be assumed. You will need access to a computer and page layout software, such as InDesign, to complete the assignments.;
This course will introduce the learner to applied machine learning, focusing more on the techniques and methods than on the statistics behind these methods. The course will start with a discussion of how machine learning is different than descriptive statistics, and introduce the scikit learn toolkit through a tutorial. The issue of dimensionality of data will be discussed, and the task of clustering data, as well as evaluating those clusters, will be tackled. Supervised approaches for creating predictive models will be described, and learners will be able to apply the scikit learn predictive modelling methods while understanding process issues related to data generalizability (e.g. cross validation, overfitting). The course will end with a look at more advanced techniques, such as building ensembles, and practical limitations of predictive models. By the end of this course, students will be able to identify the difference between a supervised (classification) and unsupervised (clustering) technique, identify which technique they need to apply for a particular dataset and need, engineer features to meet that need, and write python code to carry out an analysis. This course should be taken after Introduction to Data Science in Python and Applied Plotting, Charting &amp, Data Representation in Python and before Applied Text Mining in Python and Applied Social Analysis in Python.;
Despite everyone's good intentions, hard work and solid ideas, too many teams end up creating products that no one wants, no one can use, and no one buys. But it doesn't have to be this way. Agile and design thinking offer a different--and effective--approach to product development, one that results in valuable solutions to meaningful problems. In this course, you’ll learn how to determine what's valuable to a user early in the process--to frontload value--by focusing your team on testable narratives about the user and creating a strong shared perspective. As a  Project Management Institute (PMI®) Registered Education Provider, the University of Virginia Darden School of Business has been approved by PMI to issue 25 professional development units (PDUs) for this course, which focuses on core competencies recognized by PMI. (Provider #2122) This course is supported by the Batten Institute at UVA’s Darden School of Business. The Batten Institute’s mission is to improve the world through entrepreneurship and innovation: www.batteninstitute.org.;
Understanding statistics is essential to understand research in the social and behavioral sciences. In this course you will learn the basics of statistics, not just how to calculate them, but also how to evaluate them. This course will also prepare you for the next course in the specialization - the course Inferential Statistics. In the first part of the course we will discuss methods of descriptive statistics. You will learn what cases and variables are and how you can compute measures of central tendency (mean, median and mode) and dispersion (standard deviation and variance). Next, we discuss how to assess relationships between variables, and we introduce the concepts correlation and regression. The second part of the course is concerned with the basics of probability: calculating probabilities, probability distributions and sampling distributions. You need to know about these things in order to understand how inferential statistics work. The third part of the course consists of an introduction to methods of inferential statistics - methods that help us decide whether the patterns we see in our data are strong enough to draw conclusions about the underlying population we are interested in. We will discuss confidence intervals and significance tests.You will not only learn about all these statistical concepts, you will also be trained to calculate and generate these statistics yourself using freely available statistical software.;
This accelerated on-demand course introduces participants to the comprehensive and flexible infrastructure and platform services provided by Google Cloud with a focus on Compute Engine. Through a combination of video lectures, demos, and hands-on labs, participants explore and deploy solution elements, including infrastructure components such as networks, systems and applications services. This course also covers deploying practical solutions including customer-supplied encryption keys, security and access management, quotas and billing, and resource monitoring.Prerequisites:To get the most out of this course, participants should have:• Completed Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure or have equivalent experience• Completed Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation or have equivalent experience• Basic proficiency with command-line tools and Linux operating system environments• Systems Operations experience including deploying and managing applications, either on-premises or in a public cloud environment&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
The course covers basic algorithmic techniques and ideas for computational problems arising frequently in practical applications: sorting and searching, divide and conquer, greedy algorithms, dynamic programming. We will learn a lot of theory: how to sort data and how it helps for searching, how to break a large problem into pieces and solve them recursively, when it makes sense to proceed greedily, how dynamic programming is used in genomic studies. You will practice solving computational problems, designing new algorithms, and implementing solutions efficiently (so that they run in less than a second).;
We have all heard the phrase “correlation does not equal causation.”  What, then, does equal causation?  This course aims to answer that question and more!  Over a period of 5 weeks, you will learn how causal effects are defined, what assumptions about your data and models are necessary, and how to implement and interpret some popular statistical methods.  Learners will have the opportunity to apply these methods to example data in R (free statistical software environment).At the end of the course, learners should be able to:1.  Define causal effects using potential outcomes2.  Describe the difference between association and causation3.  Express assumptions with causal graphs4.  Implement several types of causal inference methods (e.g. matching, instrumental variables, inverse probability of treatment weighting)5.  Identify which causal assumptions are necessary for each type of statistical methodSo join us.... and discover for yourself why modern statistical methods for estimating causal effects are indispensable in so many fields of study!;
Objetivos Generales: Al finalizar el curso, podrás:1.- ENTENDER y profundizar convenientemente aspectos específicos de   diferentes formas de trabajo (individual o grupal), 2.- EVALUAR el uso de funciones avanzadas para manipular datos y CREAR tus propios análisis utilizando técnicas específicas tales como tablas dinámicas, análisis de hipótesis, administración de escenarios, tablas de simple y doble entrada, análisis de optimización de recursos. 3.- ANALIZAR cómo vincular Excel con otras aplicaciones importando información desde archivos de texto y bases de datos, exportando información a archivos de texto de diversas formas. 4.- ENTENDER  el uso de macros lo que te permitirá vislumbrar otro universo de aplicaciones que harán mucho más productiva tu labor.Los ejemplos sobre los cuales se apoyan los contenidos dictados por los profesores, tienen una profunda aplicabilidad al mundo de los negocios, con lo que su inmediata utilización empresarial está al alcance de la mano.Finalmente, los profesores que han diseñado y elaborado este curso para ti, no solamente dan una visión académica de los usos avanzados del software, sino que, debido a su gran trayectoria profesional apoyada justamente en un uso intensivo y profundo de Excel, te transmitirán su propia vivencia, lo cual te permitirá tener una visión más concreta de las posibilidades que te brinda esta herramienta.;
The web today is almost unrecognizable from the early days of white pages with lists of blue links.  Now, sites are designed with complex layouts, unique fonts, and customized color schemes.   This course will show you the basics of Cascading Style Sheets (CSS3).  The emphasis will be on learning how to write CSS rules, how to test code, and how to establish good programming habits.     When done correctly, the styling of a webpage can take enhance your page.   When done incorrectly the result can be worse than no styling at all.    To ensure that your sites do not put up  barriers for people with cognitive and/or physical disabilities, you will learn how to evaluate pages using the standardized POUR accessibility guidelines.    Upon completion of the course, learners will be able to sketch a design for a given HTML page.  Using that design they will use CSS to implement the design by adding fonts, colors, and  layouts.    This is the second course in the Web Design For Everybody specialization.   Subsequent courses focus on adding interaction with JavaScript and enhancing the styling with responsive design.It will be difficult to complete this course if you do not have access to a laptop or desktop computer for the homework.;
Three people died after the crash landing of an Asiana Airlines aircraft from Seoul, Korea, at San Fransisco International Airport (SFO) on July 6, 2013. The American National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) established that the crash most probably was caused by the flight crew's (in)actions. Three teenage girls lost their lives, two in the airplane and another was accidentally run over by a firetruck.The human factor is often cause for accidents. NTSB and others report that more than 50 percent of plane crashes is caused by pilot error (and for road accidents it is even 90 perc.) Correctly designed safety and security critical systems can prevent these errors.After following this course successfully, you are able to develop secure embedded systems that are at the core of these safety and security critical systems. You are even challenged to program your own landing guiding system in our capstone project.If you are interested in building secure embedded systems for the benefit of humanity, this specialization is for you!EIT Digital has chosen 3 MOOC topics of industrial interest, namely: 1) Embedded design and hardware, 2) Security in embedded connectivity and 3) Real-Time systems. These MOOCs show what it takes to program Internet-of-Things systems. We focus on tools used in the modern IoT industry, and we push for a practical learn-by-programming approach in which you are exposed to the actual development in an early stage.We hope to see you soon!;
Manufacturers are under more pressure than ever to deliver better products faster, at lower cost, and with less waste.The “throw-it-over-the-wall” approach to product development worked well enough in the past. But to compete in the future, you’ll need to connect and automate design and manufacturing processes. Bringing the studio and shop floor together can reduce iterations and errors, enabling you to deliver better products faster.Computers can handle complex tasks to achieve things that are time consuming or in some cases impossible for the human mind. This is the case when we use digital data to create complex tool motions. As we learn how to use technology in this way, we unlock the potential of computer aided manufacturing (CAM).Through this specialization, you'll learn the foundations of CAD and toolpath generation, while developing your technical skills in Autodesk® Fusion 360™.Plus, by completing this Specialization, you’ll unlock an Autodesk Credential as further recognition of your success! The Autodesk Credential comes with a digital badge and certificate, which you can add to your resume and share on social media platforms like LinkedIn, Facebook, and Twitter. Sharing your Autodesk Credential can signal to hiring managers that you’ve got the right skills for the job and you’re up on the latest industry trends like CAD and CAM.;
Functional programming is becoming increasingly widespread in industry. This trend is driven by the adoption of Scala as the main programming language for many applications. Scala fuses functional and object-oriented programming in a practical package. It interoperates seamlessly with both Java and Javascript. Scala is the implementation language of many important frameworks, including Apache Spark, Kafka, and Akka. It provides the core infrastructure for sites such as Twitter, Tumblr and also Coursera.In this course you will discover the elements of the functional programming style and learn how to apply them usefully in your daily programming tasks. You will also develop a solid foundation for reasoning about functional programs, by touching upon proofs of invariants and the tracing of execution symbolically.The course is hands on, most units introduce short programs that serve as illustrations of important concepts and invite you to play with them, modifying and improving them. The course is complemented by a series programming projects as homework assignments.Recommended background: You should have at least one year programming experience. Proficiency with Java or C# is ideal, but experience with other languages such as C/C++, Python, Javascript or Ruby is also sufficient. You should have some familiarity using the command line.;
Анализ данных и машинное обучение существенно опираются на результаты из математического анализа, линейной алгебры, методов оптимизации, теории вероятностей. Без фундаментальных знаний по этим наукам невозможно понимать, как устроены методы анализа данных. Задача этого курса — сформировать такой фундамент. Мы обойдёмся без сложных формул и доказательств и сделаем упор на интерпретации и понимании смысла математических понятий и объектов. Для успешного применения методов анализа данных нужно уметь программировать. Фактическим стандартом для этого в наши дни является язык Python. В данном курсе мы предлагаем познакомиться с его синтаксисом, а также научиться работать с его основными библиотеками, полезными для анализа данных, например, NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib и Pandas.Видео курса разработаны на Python 2. Задания и ноутбуки к ним адаптированы к Python 3.;
Do you have data and wonder what it can tell you?  Do you need a deeper understanding of the core ways in which machine learning can improve your business?  Do you want to be able to converse with specialists about anything from regression and classification to deep learning and recommender systems?In this course, you will get hands-on experience with machine learning from a series of practical case-studies.  At the end of the first course you will have studied how to predict house prices based on house-level features, analyze sentiment from user reviews, retrieve documents of interest, recommend products, and search for images.  Through hands-on practice with these use cases, you will be able to apply machine learning methods in a wide range of domains.This first course treats the machine learning method as a black box.  Using this abstraction, you will focus on understanding tasks of interest, matching these tasks to machine learning tools, and assessing the quality of the output. In subsequent courses, you will delve into the components of this black box by examining models and algorithms.  Together, these pieces form the machine learning pipeline, which you will use in developing intelligent applications.Learning Outcomes:  By the end of this course, you will be able to:   -Identify potential applications of machine learning in practice.     -Describe the core differences in analyses enabled by regression, classification, and clustering.   -Select the appropriate machine learning task for a potential application.     -Apply regression, classification, clustering, retrieval, recommender systems, and deep learning.   -Represent your data as features to serve as input to machine learning models.    -Assess the model quality in terms of relevant error metrics for each task.   -Utilize a dataset to fit a model to analyze new data.   -Build an end-to-end application that uses machine learning at its core.     -Implement these techniques in Python.;
Learn the basics of Go, an open source programming language originally developed by a team at Google and enhanced by many contributors from the open source community. This course is designed for individuals with previous programming experience using such languages as C, Python, or Java, and covers the fundamental elements of Go. Topics include data types, protocols, formats, and writing code that incorporates RFCs and JSON. Most importantly, you’ll have a chance to practice writing Go programs and receive feedback from your peers. Upon completing this course, you'll be able to implement simple Go programs, which will prepare you for subsequent study at a more advanced level.;
In this course, you will learn about several algorithms that can learn near optimal policies based on trial and error interaction with the environment---learning from the agent’s own experience. Learning from actual experience is striking because it requires no prior knowledge of the environment’s dynamics, yet can still attain optimal behavior. We will cover intuitively simple but powerful Monte Carlo methods, and temporal difference learning methods including Q-learning. We will wrap up this course investigating how we can get the best of both worlds: algorithms that can combine model-based planning (similar to dynamic programming) and temporal difference updates to radically accelerate learning.By the end of this course you will be able to: - Understand Temporal-Difference learning and Monte Carlo as two strategies for estimating value functions from sampled experience- Understand the importance of exploration, when using sampled experience rather than dynamic programming sweeps within a model- Understand the connections between Monte Carlo and Dynamic Programming and TD. - Implement and apply the TD algorithm, for estimating value functions- Implement and apply Expected Sarsa and Q-learning (two TD methods for control) - Understand the difference between on-policy and off-policy control- Understand planning with simulated experience (as opposed to classic planning strategies)- Implement a model-based approach to RL, called Dyna, which uses simulated experience - Conduct an empirical study to see the improvements in sample efficiency when using Dyna;
Have you ever wished you knew how to program, but had no idea where to start from? This course will teach you how to program in Scratch, an easy to use visual programming language. More importantly, it will introduce you to the fundamental principles of computing and it will help you think like a software engineer.;
This course can also be taken for academic credit as ECEA 5360, part of CU Boulder’s Master of Science in Electrical Engineering degree.Programmable Logic has become more and more common as a core technology used to build electronic systems.  By integrating soft-core or hardcore processors, these devices have become complete systems on a chip, steadily displacing general purpose processors and ASICs.  In particular, high performance systems are now almost always implemented with FPGAs. This course will give you the foundation for FPGA design in Embedded Systems along with practical design skills.  You will learn what an FPGA is and how this technology was developed, how to select the best FPGA architecture for a given application, how to use state of the art software tools for FPGA development, and solve critical digital design problems using FPGAs. You use FPGA development tools to complete several example designs, including a custom processor.  If you are thinking of a career in Electronics Design or an engineer looking at a career change, this is a great course to enhance your career opportunities.Hardware Requirements: You must have access to computer resources to run the development tools, a PC running either Windows 7, 8, or 10 or a recent Linux OS which must be RHEL 6.5 or CentOS Linux 6.5 or later.   Either Linux OS could be run as a virtual machine under Windows 8 or 10.  The tools do not run on Apple Mac computers.  Whatever the OS, the computer must have at least 8 GB of RAM.  Most new laptops will have this, or it may be possible to upgrade the memory.;
This specialization is designed for students, business analysts, and data scientists who want to apply statistical knowledge and techniques to business contexts. We recommend that you have some background in statistics, R or another programming language, and familiarity with databases and data analysis techniques such as regression, classification, and clustering.We’ll cover a wide variety of analytics approaches in different industry domains. You’ll engage in hands-on case studies in real business contexts: examples include predicting and forecasting events, statistical customer segmentation, and calculating customer scores and lifetime value. We’ll also teach you how to take these analyses and effectively present them to stakeholders so your business can take action. The third course and the Capstone Project are designed in partnership with Accenture, one of the world’s best-known consulting, technology services, and outsourcing companies. You’ll learn about applications in a wide variety of sectors, including media, communications, public service,etc. By the end of this specialization, you’ll be able to use statistical techniques in R to develop business intelligence insights, and present them in a compelling way to enable smart and sustainable business decisions. You’ll earn a Specialization Certificate from one of the world’s leading business schools and learn from two of Europe’s leading professors in business analytics and marketing.;
This Specialization is intended for software developers of any level who are not yet fluent with secure coding and programming techniques.Through four courses, you will cover the principles of secure coding, concepts of threat modeling and cryptography and exploit vulnerabilities in both C/C++ and Java languages, which will prepare you to think like a hacker and protect your organizations information. The courses provide ample practice activities including exploiting WebGoat, an OWASP project designed to teach penetration testing.;
Get a running start in the high-stakes world of financial investment! This first course is designed to help you become an informed investor by providing you with the essential concepts for long-term success in managing money. You’ll start by learning the role of financial markets and financial assets in a well-functioning economy. From there, you’ll learn about the wide range of financial instruments available in major asset classes, their features and valuations. You’ll explore how financial markets actually operate in the real world, focusing on how and where securities are traded and how various market types differ from one another in practice. You will also learn the basics of algorithmic trading, dark pools, buying on margin and short selling. By the end of the course, learners will be able to:•	List and distinguish the different financial instruments available to an investor•	Compare global financial markets•	Explain the features of equity, debt, and derivative instruments•	Define traditional and alternative asset classes•	Discuss different trading venues and mechanics of securities trading•	Discuss the current trends affecting today’s financial marketsThis course is designed to be accessible for students of all knowledge levels and gives you the actionable foundation needed to manage money in a post-crisis world.________________________________________WEEK 1Module 1: Introduction &amp, Review of Elementary Finance ToolsThis module introduces the Investment and Portfolio Management Specialization, which is made up of four courses. This module discusses how the first course, Global Financial Markets and Assets, is organized. It outlines the different stages of the investment management process, which guides the focus of the Specialization. It also reviews basic finance concepts and tools such as time value of money, computing returns, discounting and compounding.Topics covered include:•	Familiarize with the organization of the class•	Meet the professor and your peers•	Explain the investment management process•	Review elementary concepts in finance•	Compute present value or future value of a single cash flow•	Compute present value of future value of a stream of cash flows•	Define an annuity or perpetuity•	Apply time value of money tools to solve basic mortgage, loan or retirement problems________________________________________WEEK 2Module 2: Financial system &amp, financial assets: fixed income securitiesIn this and the next two modules, we cover the key institutional features of financial markets and instruments. We ask the following questions: Why do financial markets exist? What role do they play? What are financial assets and how are they different than real assets? How does it all come together? Basically, this is where I hope you will get to see the big picture of the entire financial system and how it comes together.Module 2 focuses on fixed income securities. We'll get started with a review of basics of bond valuation. You will learn about short-term money market instruments, U.S. Treasury securities as well as corporate bonds. After module 2, you will be able to describe fixed income securities, be familiar with their institutional features, and identify their cash flows. Finally, you will learn how to value fixed income securities such as Treasury bills, zero-coupon or coupon-bonds and compute yields.Topics covered include:•	Explain the roles of financial markets•	Distinguish between real and financial assets•	Define and explain money market instruments, zero-coupon and coupon- bonds and features•	Identify the cash flows associated with fixed-income securities•	Define and explain bond market features•	List the different types of Treasury securities and explain pricing and quoting conventions•	List and define other long-term debt instruments such as corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, sovereign debt•	Find the value of a zero-coupon or coupon-bonds________________________________________WEEK 3Module 3: Financial system &amp, financial assets: equity securities and derivativesIn Module 3, we continue our overview of financial markets and instruments. We next focus on two other major asset classes: equity securities and derivative instruments. You will learn about how equity differs from fixed income securities, the cash flows associated with stock and preferred stock and how to find the value of a share. You will also learn about option strategies. After completing module 3, you will be able to describe all major asset classes, including derivative instruments such as options, forwards and futures. You will be able to explain how these differ from each other and their payoffs.Topics covered include:•	Distinguish between equities and fixed income securities•	Define and explain the features of equity securities•	Identify the cash flows associated with equity securities•	Explain dividend discount model•	Find the value of a share of common stock or preferred stock•	Define and list different types of derivative securities•	Explain option payoffs•	Distinguish between a forward and futures contract•	Explain forward and futures payoffs•	Identify traditional and alternative asset classes________________________________________WEEK 4Module 4: Organization of financial markets and securities tradingIn this module, we discuss how financial markets actually work. We will talk about different trading venues and the mechanics of securities trading. I will emphasize a lot of terminology and the latest trends in securities trading to familiarize you with the institutional workings of financial markets. After this module, you will be able to compare different trading venues, trading mechanisms, and be able to explain different types of orders, including transactions like margin buying and short- selling, you will be familiar with the language and terminology you need in order to become an informed practitioner of investments.Topics covered include•	Explain the roles of corporations, households, government, and financial intermediaries in the financial system•	Explain price discovery process•	Define different type of orders•	Distinguish between dealer vs. auction markets, different trading platforms•	Explain margin buying and short-selling transactions•	Understand the current trading environment such as algorithmic or high frequency trading, dark pools etc.;
Before you can work with data you have to get some. This course will cover the basic ways that data can be obtained. The course will cover obtaining data from the web, from APIs, from databases and from colleagues in various formats. It will also cover the basics of data cleaning and how to make data “tidy”. Tidy data dramatically speed downstream data analysis tasks. The course will also cover the components of a complete data set including raw data, processing instructions, codebooks, and processed data. The course will cover the basics needed for collecting, cleaning, and sharing data.;
本专项课程旨在系统培养你的程序设计与编写能力。系列课程从计算机的基础知识讲起，无论你来自任何学科和行业背景，都能快速理解；同时我们又系统性地介绍了C程序设计，C++程序设计，算法基础，数据结构与算法相关的内容，各门课之间联系紧密，循序渐进，能够帮你奠定坚实的程序开发基础；课程全部配套在线编程测试，将有效地训练和提升你编写程序的实际动手能力。并通过结业实践项目为你提供应用程序设计解决复杂现实问题的锻炼，从而积累实际开发的经验。因此，我们希望本专项课程能够帮助你完成从仅了解基本的计算机知识到能够利用高质量的程序解决实际问题的转变。;
This six course specialization is designed to prepare you to take the certification examination for IBM AI Enterprise Workflow V1 Data Science Specialist. IBM AI Enterprise Workflow is a comprehensive, end-to-end process that enables data scientists to build AI solutions, starting with business priorities and working through to taking AI into production. The learning aims to elevate the skills of practicing data scientists by explicitly connecting business priorities to technical implementations, connecting machine learning to specialized AI use cases such as visual recognition and NLP, and connecting Python to IBM Cloud technologies. The videos, readings, and case studies in these courses are designed to guide you through your work as a data scientist at a hypothetical streaming media company.Throughout this specialization, the focus will be on the practice of data science in large, modern enterprises. You will be guided through the use of enterprise-class tools on the IBM Cloud, tools that you will use to create, deploy and test machine learning models. Your favorite open source tools, such a Jupyter notebooks and Python libraries will be used extensively for data preparation and building models. Models will be deployed on the IBM Cloud using IBM Watson tooling that works seamlessly with open source tools. After successfully completing this specialization, you will be ready to take the official IBM certification examination for the IBM AI Enterprise Workflow.;
Tired of solving Sudokus by hand? This class teaches you how to solve complex search problems with discrete optimization concepts and algorithms, including constraint programming, local search, and mixed-integer programming.Optimization technology is ubiquitous in our society. It schedules planes and their crews, coordinates the production of steel, and organizes the transportation of iron ore from the mines to the ports. Optimization clears the day-ahead and real-time markets to deliver electricity to millions of people. It organizes kidney exchanges and cancer treatments and helps scientists understand the fundamental fabric of life, control complex chemical reactions, and design drugs that may benefit billions of individuals.This class is an introduction to discrete optimization and exposes students to some of the most fundamental concepts and algorithms in the field. It covers constraint programming, local search, and mixed-integer programming from their foundations to their applications for complex practical problems in areas such as scheduling, vehicle routing, supply-chain optimization, and resource allocation.;
This course for serious makers, and for students new to imagemaking. Imagemaking is a fluid and exciting area of graphic design that comes out of practice and process: experimenting fearlessly, showing and sharing ideas, and giving and receiving knowledgeable and constructive input.For the sake of this online platform, we have applied some structure to our investigations, but for the most part imagemaking is loose and unstructured. If we must adopt a rule in this course it is only this: you will not become a graphic designer by watching videos alone. Or, don't just make stuff just in your head. So here, the focus here is on making, and you are expected to devote serious time and intellectual energy to that activity in this course. Specifically, you will: - experiment with a range of materials and techniques to make images for graphic design - expand your visual vocabulary both in terms of making and talking about work, in order to discuss your work and work of others - learn how to make, manipulate and arrange images to create compositions, eventually culminating in the design and production of an-image-based book.The first half of the course is an opportunity to experiment and explore imagemaking in order to expand your visual vocabulary. You will create pieces that are expressive, meditative, or 'design-y' to instigate, evoke, experiment, record, explain, or try out a media.In the second two weeks, we’ll invite the images to deliberately and intentionally carry meaning and communication through relational moves like juxtaposition, composition, and context. We’ll look at developing and expanding the range of approaches for putting things together by composing page spreads with your images. Since nothing exists without context, we look at how to intentionally drive the image’s connotations, meanings, and associations generated through elements of composition and “visual contrasts.” Ultimately, we will take the images that you create and make a book from them.The results of your assignments (and experiments) may generate something completely unknowable now or in the future—and that's the goal.;
This four-module course introduces users to Julia as a first language.  Julia is a high-level, high-performance dynamic programming language developed specifically for scientific computing. This language will be particularly useful for applications in physics, chemistry, astronomy, engineering, data science, bioinformatics and many more. As open source software, you will always have it available throughout your working life. It can also be used from the command line, program files or a new type of interface known as a Jupyter notebook (which is freely available as a service from JuliaBox.com).Julia is designed to address the requirements of high-performance numerical and scientific computing while also being effective for general-purpose programming. You will be able to access all the available processors and memory, scrape data from anywhere on the web, and have it always accessible through any device you care to use as long as it has a browser.  Join us to discover new computing possibilities. Let's get started on learning Julia.By the end of the course you will be able to:- Programme using the Julia language by practising through assignments- Write your own simple Julia programs from scratch- Understand the advantages and capacities of Julia as a computing language- Work in Jupyter notebooks using the Julia language- Use various Julia packages such as  Plots, DataFrames and StatsThe course is delivered through video lectures, on-screen demonstrations, quizzes and practical peer-reviewed projects designed to give you an opportunity to work with the packages.;
Master Swift, design elegant interactions, and create a fully functioning iOS app.This Specialization covers the fundamentals of iOS application development in the Swift programming language. You’ll learn to use development tools such as XCode, design interfaces and interactions and evaluate their usability, and integrate camera, photo, and location information to enhance your app. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply your skills to create a fully-functioning photo editing app for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch. A Mac computer is required for success in this course.;
Python data products are powering the AI revolution. Top companies like Google, Facebook, and Netflix use predictive analytics to improve the products and services we use every day. Take your Python skills to the next level and learn to make accurate predictions with data-driven systems and deploy machine learning models with this four-course Specialization from UC San Diego.This Specialization is for learners who are proficient with the basics of Python. You’ll start by creating your first data strategy. You’ll also develop statistical models, devise data-driven workflows, and learn to make meaningful predictions for a wide-range of business and research purposes. Finally, you’ll use design thinking methodology and data science techniques to extract insights from a wide range of data sources. This is your chance to master one of the technology industry’s most in-demand skills.Python Data Products for Predictive Analytics is taught by Professor Ilkay Altintas, Ph.D. and Julian McAuley. Dr. Alintas is a prominent figure in the data science community and the designer of the highly-popular Big Data Specialization on Coursera. She has helped educate hundreds of thousands of learners on how to unlock value from massive datasets.;
Interested in increasing your knowledge of the Big Data landscape?  This course is for those new to data science and interested in understanding why the Big Data Era has come to be.  It is for those who want to become conversant with the terminology and the core concepts behind big data problems, applications, and systems.  It is for those who want to start thinking about how Big Data might be useful in their business or career.  It provides an introduction to one of the most common frameworks, Hadoop, that has made big data analysis easier and more accessible -- increasing the potential for data to transform our world!At the end of this course, you will be able to:* Describe the Big Data landscape including examples of real world big data problems including the three key sources of Big Data: people, organizations, and sensors. * Explain the V’s of Big Data (volume, velocity, variety, veracity, valence, and value) and why each impacts data collection, monitoring, storage, analysis and reporting.* Get value out of Big Data by using a 5-step process to structure your analysis. * Identify what are and what are not big data problems and be able to recast big data problems as data science questions.* Provide an explanation of the architectural components and programming models used for scalable big data analysis.* Summarize the features and value of core Hadoop stack components including the YARN resource and job management system, the HDFS file system and the MapReduce programming model.* Install and run a program using Hadoop!This course is for those new to data science.  No prior programming experience is needed, although the ability to install applications and utilize a virtual machine is necessary to complete the hands-on assignments.  Hardware Requirements:(A) Quad Core Processor (VT-x or AMD-V support recommended), 64-bit, (B) 8 GB RAM, (C) 20 GB disk free. How to find your hardware information: (Windows): Open System by clicking the Start button, right-clicking Computer, and then clicking Properties, (Mac): Open Overview by clicking on the Apple menu and clicking “About This Mac.” Most computers with 8 GB RAM purchased in the last 3 years will meet the minimum requirements.You will need a high speed internet connection because you will be downloading files up to 4 Gb in size.  Software Requirements:This course relies on several open-source software tools, including Apache Hadoop. All required software can be downloaded and installed free of charge. Software requirements include: Windows 7+, Mac OS X 10.10+, Ubuntu 14.04+ or CentOS 6+ VirtualBox 5+.;
Data pipelines typically fall under one of the Extra-Load, Extract-Load-Transform or Extract-Transform-Load paradigms. This course describes which paradigm should be used and when for batch data. Furthermore, this course covers several technologies on Google Cloud Platform for data transformation including BigQuery, executing Spark on Cloud Dataproc, pipeline graphs in Cloud Data Fusion and serverless data processing with Cloud Dataflow. Learners will get hands-on experience building data pipeline components on Google Cloud Platform using QwikLabs.;
Desarrolla aplicaciones móviles usando Android Studio. Construye tus proyectos de forma profesional con todas las métricas de diseño de Material Design y las mejores prácticas de programación en java. Llega a millones de usuarios subiendo tus apps a Google Play y¡Conviértete en un desarrollador de aplicaciones móviles profesional!;
In this project-centered course you will build a modern software hierarchy, designed to enable the translation and execution of object-based, high-level languages on a bare-bone computer hardware platform. In particular, you will implement a virtual machine and a compiler for a simple, Java-like programming language, and you will develop a basic operating system that closes gaps between the high-level language and the underlying hardware platform. In the process, you will gain a deep, hands-on understanding of numerous topics in applied computer science, e.g. stack processing, parsing, code generation, and classical algorithms and data structures for memory management, vector graphics, input-output handling, and various other topics that lie at the very core of every modern computer system.This is a self-contained course: all the knowledge necessary to succeed in the course and build the various systems will be given as part of the learning experience. The only prerequisite is knowledge of programming at the level acquired in introduction to computer science courses. All the software tools and materials that are necessary to complete the course will be supplied freely after you enrol in the course.This course is accompanied by the textbook "The Elements of Computing Systems" (Nisan and Schocken, MIT Press). While not required for taking the course, the book provides a convenient coverage of all the course topics. The book is available in either hardcopy or ebook form, and MIT Press is offering a 30% discount off the cover price by using the discount code MNTT30 at https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/elements-computing-systems. The course consists of six modules, each comprising a series of video lectures, and a project. You will need about 2-3 hours to watch each module's lectures, and about 15 hours to complete each one of the six projects. The course can be completed in six weeks, but you are welcome to take it at your own pace. You can watch a TED talk about this course by Googling "nand2tetris TED talk". *About Project-Centered Courses: Project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. By actively applying new concepts as you learn, you’ll master the course content more efficiently, you’ll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. When you complete the course, you’ll have a finished project that you’ll be proud to use and share.;
This course explores Javascript based front-end application development, and in particular the React library (Currently Ver. 16.3). This course will use JavaScript ES6 for developing React application. You will also get an introduction to the use of Reactstrap for Bootstrap 4-based responsive UI design. You will be introduced to various aspects of React components. You will learn about React router and its use in developing single-page applications. You will also learn about designing controlled forms. You will be introduced to the Flux architecture and Redux. You will explore various aspects of Redux and use it to develop React-Redux powered applications. You will then learn to use Fetch for client-server communication and the use of REST API on the server side. A quick tour through React animation support and testing rounds off the course. You must have preferably completed the previous course in the specialization on Bootstrap 4, or have a working knowledge of Bootstrap 4 to be able to navigate this course. Also a good working knowledge of JavaScript, especially ES 5 is strongly recommended.At the end of this course you will:- Be familiar with client-side Javascript application development and the React library- Be able to implement single page applications in React- Be able to use various React features including components and forms- Be able to implement a functional front-end web application using React- Be able to use Reactstrap for designing responsive React applications- Be able to use Redux to design the architecture for a React-Redux application;
This course introduces classes, instances, and inheritance. You will learn how to use classes to represent data in concise and natural ways. You'll also learn how to override built-in methods and how to create "inherited" classes that reuse functionality. You'll also learn about how to design classes. Finally, you will be introduced to the good programming habit of writing automated tests for their own code.The course is best-suited for you if you are already familiar with Python fundamentals, which are covered in the "Python Basics" and "Python Functions, Files, and Dictionaries" courses (courses 1 and 2 of the Python 3 Programming Specialization). It is optional to have taken the "Data Collection and Processing with Python" course (course 3 of the specialization), but knowledge of retrieving and processing complex nested data is helpful.This is the fourth of five courses in the Python 3 Programming Specialization.;
Do you realize that the only functionality of a web application that the user directly interacts with is through the web page? Implement it poorly and, to the user, the server-side becomes irrelevant! Today’s user expects a lot out of the web page: it has to load fast, expose the desired service, and be comfortable to view on all devices: from a desktop computers to tablets and mobile phones.In this course, we will learn the basic tools that every web page coder needs to know. We will start from the ground up by learning how to implement modern web pages with HTML and CSS. We will then advance to learning how to code our pages such that its components rearrange and resize themselves automatically based on the size of the user’s screen. You’ll be able to code up a web page that will be just as useful on a mobile phone as on a desktop computer. No “pinch and zoom” required! Last but certainly not least, we will get a thorough introduction to the most ubiquitous, popular, and incredibly powerful language of the web: Javascript. Using Javascript, you will be able to build a fully functional web application that utilizes Ajax to expose server-side functionality and data to the end user.;
Learn SAS or Python programming, expand your knowledge of analytical methods and applications, and conduct original research to inform complex decisions.The Data Analysis and Interpretation Specialization takes you from data novice to data expert in just four project-based courses. You will apply basic data science tools, including data management and visualization, modeling, and machine learning using your choice of either SAS or Python, including pandas and Scikit-learn. Throughout the Specialization, you will analyze a research question of your choice and summarize your insights. In the Capstone Project, you will use real data to address an important issue in society, and report your findings in a professional-quality report. You will have the opportunity to work with our industry partners, DRIVENDATA and The Connection. Help DRIVENDATA solve some of the world's biggest social challenges by joining one of their competitions, or help The Connection better understand recidivism risk for people on parole in substance use treatment. Regular feedback from peers will provide you a chance to reshape your question. This Specialization is designed to help you whether you are considering a career in data, work in a context where supervisors are looking to you for data insights, or you just have some burning questions you want to explore. No prior experience is required. By the end you will have mastered statistical methods to conduct original research to inform complex decisions.;
If you love games and want to learn how to make them, then this course will start you down that path. Making games is a creative and technical art form. In this course you will familiarize yourself with the tools and practices of game development. You will get started developing your own videogames using the industry standard game development tools, including the Unity3D game engine and C#. At the end of the course you will have completed three hands-on projects and will be able to leverage an array of game development techniques to create your own basic games. This course is for individuals interested in becoming a game designer, game artist, or game programmer.;
This two-part course is designed to help students with very little or no computing background learn the basics of building simple interactive applications. Our language of choice, Python, is an easy-to learn, high-level computer language that is used in many of the computational courses offered on Coursera. To make learning Python easy, we have developed a new browser-based programming environment that makes developing interactive applications in Python simple. These applications will involve windows whose contents are graphical and respond to buttons, the keyboard and the mouse.In part 1 of this course, we will introduce the basic elements of programming (such as expressions, conditionals, and functions) and then use these elements to create simple interactive applications such as a digital stopwatch.  Part 1 of this class will culminate in building a version of the classic arcade game "Pong".;
Go (golang) - современный язык программирования, предназначенный для разработки высококонкурентных приложений, работающих на многопроцессорных системах.Курс даст основы программирования на языке Go, а так же опыт применения языка в основных задачах, которые встречаются сегодня в серверной веб-разработке. В данной части курса будут рассмотрены основы языка и разработки веб-сервисов с использованием стандартной библиотеки.Это курс предназначен для людей с опытом в веб-программировании. Если вы пишете на PHP/Python/Ruby/JS (Node.js) и хотите освоить Go - этот курс для вас.Начинающим программистам может быть немного сложно, т.к. в лекциях используется профессиональных жаргон (сленг), без детальных пояснений.Курс не рассчитан на людей без опыта программирования.;
This course will provide learners with an introduction to research data management and sharing. After completing this course, learners will understand the diversity of data and their management needs across the research data lifecycle, be able to identify the components of good data management plans, and be familiar with best practices for working with data including the organization, documentation, and storage and security of data. Learners will also understand the impetus and importance of archiving and sharing data as well as how to assess the trustworthiness of repositories. Today, an increasing number of funding agencies, journals, and other stakeholders are requiring data producers to share, archive, and plan for the management of their data. In order to respond to these requirements, researchers and information professionals will need the data management and curation knowledge and skills that support the long-term preservation, access, and reuse of data. Effectively managing data can also help optimize research outputs, increase the impact of research, and support open scientific inquiry. After completing this course, learners will be better equipped to manage data throughout the entire research data lifecycle from project planning to the end of the project when data ideally are shared and made available within a trustworthy repository.This course was developed by the Curating Research Assets and Data Using Lifecycle Education (CRADLE) Project in collaboration with EDINA at the University of Edinburgh. This course was made possible in part by the Institute of Museum and Library Services under award #RE-06-13-0052-13. The views, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this Research Data Management and Sharing MOOC do not necessarily represent those of the Institute of Museum and Library Services.Hashtag: #RDMSmooc;
Named a top 50 MOOC of all time by Class Central!This course begins a series of classes illustrating the power of computing in modern biology. Please join us on the frontier of bioinformatics to look for hidden messages in DNA without ever needing to put on a lab coat.In the first half of the course, we investigate DNA replication, and ask the question, where in the genome does DNA replication begin?  We will see that we can answer this question for many bacteria using only some straightforward algorithms to look for hidden messages in the genome.In the second half of the course, we examine a different biological question, when we ask which DNA patterns play the role of molecular clocks.  The cells in your body manage to maintain a circadian rhythm, but how is this achieved on the level of DNA?  Once again, we will see that by knowing which hidden messages to look for, we can start to understand the amazingly complex language of DNA.  Perhaps surprisingly, we will apply randomized algorithms, which roll dice and flip coins in order to solve problems.Finally, you will get your hands dirty and apply existing software tools to find recurring biological motifs within genes that are responsible for helping Mycobacterium tuberculosis go "dormant" within a host for many years before causing an active infection.;
Este programa especializado está dirigido a aquellas personas que tengan interés por conocer y aprender sobre la programación en Python.A través de 4 cursos irás aprendiendo a manejarte a partir de los conceptos básicos de programación utilizando el lenguaje de programación Python en su versión 3.0. La dificultad y exigencia en el manejo de los contenidos irá creciendo paulatinamente a lo largo de los cursos.Este programa se desarrolla en 4 MOOCS de 4 semanas de duración cada uno;
Python – простой, гибкий и невероятно популярный язык, который используется практически во всех областях современной разработки. С его помощью можно создавать веб-приложения, писать игры, заниматься анализом данных, автоматизировать задачи системного администрирования и многое другое. “Погружение в Python” читают разработчики, применяющие Python в проектах, которыми ежедневно пользуются миллионы людей. Курс покрывает все необходимые для ежедневной работы программиста темы, а также рассказывает про многие особенности языка, которые часто опускают при его изучении.В ходе курса вы изучите конструкции языка, типы и структуры данных, функции, научитесь применять объектно-ориентированное и функциональное программирование, узнаете про особенности реализации Python, научитесь писать асинхронный и многопоточный код. Помимо теории вас ждут практические задания, которые помогут проверить полученные знания и отточить навыки программирования на Python. После успешного окончания курса вы сможете использовать полученный опыт для разработки проектов различной сложности.;
This course will introduce the learner to text mining and text manipulation basics. The course begins with an understanding of how text is handled by python, the structure of text both to the machine and to humans, and an overview of the nltk framework for manipulating text. The second week focuses on common manipulation needs, including regular expressions (searching for text), cleaning text, and preparing text for use by machine learning processes. The third week will apply basic natural language processing methods to text, and demonstrate how text classification is accomplished. The final week will explore more advanced methods for detecting the topics in documents and grouping them by similarity (topic modelling). This course should be taken after: Introduction to Data Science in Python, Applied Plotting, Charting &amp, Data Representation in Python, and Applied Machine Learning in Python.;
Mathematical thinking is crucial in all areas of computer science: algorithms, bioinformatics, computer graphics, data science, machine learning, etc. In this course, we will learn the most important tools used in discrete mathematics: induction, recursion, logic, invariants, examples, optimality. We will use these tools to answer typical programming questions like: How can we be certain a solution exists? Am I sure my program computes the optimal answer? Do each of these objects meet the given requirements?In the course, we use a try-this-before-we-explain-everything approach: you will be solving many interactive (and mobile friendly) puzzles that were carefully designed to allow you to invent many of the important ideas and concepts yourself.Prerequisites: 1. We assume only basic math (e.g., we expect you to know what is a square or how to add fractions), common sense and curiosity. 2. Basic programming knowledge is necessary as some quizzes require programming in Python.;
The explosive growth of the “Internet of Things” is changing our world and the rapid drop in price for typical IoT components is allowing people to innovate new designs and products at home. In this first class in the specialization you will learn the importance of IoT in society, the current components of typical IoT devices and trends for the future. IoT design considerations, constraints and interfacing between the physical world and your device will also be covered. You will also learn how to make design trade-offs between hardware and software. We'll also cover key components of networking to ensure that students understand how to connect their device to the Internet. Please note that this course does not include discussion forums.Upon completing this course, you will be able to:1.       Define the term “Internet of Things”2.       State the technological trends which have led to IoT3.       Describe the impact of IoT on society4.       Define what an embedded system is in terms of its interface5.       Enumerate and describe the components of an embedded system6.       Describe the interactions of embedded systems with the physical world7.       Name the core hardware components most commonly used in IoT devices8.       Describe the interaction between software and hardware in an IoT device9.       Describe the role of an operating system to support software in an IoT device10.     Explain the use of networking and basic networking hardware11.     Describe the structure of the Internet12.     Describe the meaning of a “network protocol”13.     Explain MANETs and their relation to IoT;
This course can also be taken for academic credit as ECEA 5361, part of CU Boulder’s Master of Science in Electrical Engineering degree.Hardware Description Languages for Logic Design enables students to design circuits using VHDL and Verilog, the most widespread design methods for FPGA Design.   It uses natural learning processes to make learning the languages easy.  Simple first examples are presented, then language rules and syntax, followed by more complex examples, and then finally use of test bench simulations to verify correctness of the designs.  Lecture presentations are reinforced by many programming example problems so that skill in the languages is obtained.  After completing this course, each student will have fundamental proficiency in both languages, and more importantly enough knowledge to continue learning and gaining expertise in Verilog and VHDL on their own.;
Organisations all around the world are using data to predict behaviours and extract valuable real-world insights to inform decisions. Managing and analysing big data has become an essential part of modern finance, retail, marketing, social science, development and research, medicine and government.This MOOC, designed by an academic team from Goldsmiths, University of London, will quickly introduce you to the core concepts of Data Science to prepare you for intermediate and advanced Data Science courses. It focuses on the basic mathematics, statistics and programming skills that are necessary for typical data analysis tasks. You will consider these fundamental concepts on an example data clustering task, and you will use this example to learn basic programming skills that are necessary for mastering Data Science techniques. During the course, you will be asked to do a series of mathematical and programming exercises and a small data clustering project for a given dataset.;
This course is all about starting to learn how to develop video games using the C# programming language and the Unity game engine on Windows or Mac. Why use C# and Unity instead of some other language and game engine? Well, C# is a really good language for learning how to program and then programming professionally. Also, the Unity game engine is very popular with indie game developers, Unity games were downloaded 16,000,000,000 times in 2016! Finally, C# is one of the programming languages you can use in the Unity environment.This course doesn't assume you have any previous programming experience. Don't worry if you've never written code before, we'll start at the very beginning and work our way up to building small games by the end of the course. Throughout the course you'll learn core programming concepts that apply to lots of programming languages, including C#, and you'll also learn how to apply those concepts when you develop games.Computer programming is really fun in general, and programming games is even better!Caution: Beginning (assuming no prior programming knowledge) is not the same as easy (not hard to do). Learning to program IS hard to do, especially since this course is essentially the first half of a freshman-level college course. Meeting the course challenges while you master the material will be rewarding to you, but doing that will require hard work and maybe even a few expletives along the way.Module 1: Write your first C# console application and Unity script and learn how we store data in our programsModule 2: Learn how we use classes and objects to implement our codeModule 3: Learn the basics of Unity 2D games and discover how we make decisions in our codeModule 4: Get and use player input in your Unity gamesModule 5: Complete final peer review and take "Final Exam"“Unity” is a trademark or registered trademark of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere.This course is an independent work and is not sponsored by, authorized by, or affiliated with Unity Technologies or its affiliates;
This course gives you an introductory look at the Apigee API Platform and API Design in general. We'll cover topics such as how to properly navigate through the Apigee Edge UI as well as how to approach API design and ensure industry best practices are followed. We'll also go over the Apigee Technology Stack to ensure a full understanding of all the platform components.By taking this course, you'll come to have a high level understanding of APIs and will lay the foundation for the more detailed deep dive courses later in the specialization. All supplemental materials will be be provided for offline review. If you ever wanted to learn about Apigee and APIs in general, this is the course for you!;
Improving health and healthcare institutions requires understanding of data and creation of interventions at the many levels at which health IT interact and affect the institution. These levels range from the external “world” in which the institution operates down to the specific technologies. Data scientists find that, when they aim at implementing their models in practice, it is the “socio” components that are both novel to them and mission critical to success. At the end of this course, students will be able to make a quick assessment of a health informatics problem—or a proposed solution—and to determine what is missing and what more needs to be learned.Who Is This Class For? Physicians, nurses, pharmacists, social workers, and other allied health professionals interested in expanding their understanding of digital health, big data, health information systems, and the unintended consequences of disruptive innovation in the healthcare system. The course is also aimed at those with technical, engineering, or analytics backgrounds who want to understand the nuances of those topics when it comes to healthcare.;
What is machine learning, and what kinds of problems can it solve? Google thinks about machine learning slightly differently -- of being about logic, rather than just data. We talk about why such a framing is useful for data scientists when thinking about building a pipeline of machine learning models. Then, we discuss the five phases of converting a candidate use case to be driven by machine learning, and consider why it is important the phases not be skipped. We end with a recognition of the biases that machine learning can amplify and how to recognize this.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this specialization you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
Learn scalable data management, evaluate big data technologies, and design effective visualizations.This Specialization covers intermediate topics in data science. You will gain hands-on experience with scalable SQL and NoSQL data management solutions, data mining algorithms, and practical statistical and machine learning concepts. You will also learn to visualize data and communicate results, and you’ll explore legal and ethical issues that arise in working with big data. In the final Capstone Project, developed in partnership with the digital internship platform Coursolve, you’ll apply your new skills to a real-world data science project.;
This specialization in intended for IT professionals, computer programmers, managers, IT security professionals who like to move up ladder, who are seeking to develop network system security skills. Through four courses, we will cover the Design and Analyze Secure Networked Systems, Develop Secure Programs with Basic Cryptography and Crypto API, Hacking and Patching Web Applications, Perform Penetration Testing, and Secure Networked Systems with Firewall and IDS, which will prepare you to perform tasks as Cyber Security Engineer, IT Security Analyst, and Cyber Security Analyst.The learning outcomes of this specialization include:you should be able to create public/private keys, certificate requests, install/sign/verify them for web server and client authentication, secure emails, and code signing.you should be able to write secure web apps with Crypto API to implement the confidentiality, integrity, and availability basic security services.you should be able to hack web applications with vulnerabilities and patch them.you should be able to apply penetration testing tool to exploit vulnerable systems.you should be able to crack passwords given the hashes in password file using AWS P2 GPU.you should be able to configure firewall and IDS for secure network systemsyou should be able to specify effective security policies and implement efficient enforcement procedures by applying security design principles for securing network systems.;
The University of Cape Town’s specialization will give aspiring entrepreneurs the tools to understand the technological innovations and challenges the financial services industry faces in the emerging market context. The specialization covers foundations of the changing financial regulations, new technological applications like blockchain or artificial intelligence and design thinking for startups in emerging markets. Through real-world case studies, you will see how this technology can unlock growth and spur innovation and will understand the specific emerging economies environment within which innovation can take place. This specialization is particularly suited for entrepreneurs or aspiring entrepreneurs who want to learn how they can harness the power of fintech or technology in an emerging market. You will work on a business plan for your own fintech or tech-based startup idea in the capstone project comprising a business model canvas and pitch. This allows aspiring entrepreneurs to take a tangible step towards launching their own startup.Watch the course trailer;
Welcome to our course on Object Oriented Programming in Java using data visualization. People come to this course with many different goals -- and we are really excited to work with all of you! Some of you want to be professional software developers, others want to improve your programming skills to implement that cool personal project that you’ve been thinking about, while others of you might not yet know why you’re here and are trying to figure out what this course is all about.This is an intermediate Java course. We recommend this course to learners who have previous experience in software development or a background in computer science.  Our goal is that by the end of this course each and every one of you feels empowered to create a Java program that’s more advanced than any you have created in the past and that is personally interesting to you. In achieving this goal you will also learn the fundamentals of Object Oriented Programming, how to leverage the power of existing libraries, how to build graphical user interfaces, and how to use some core algorithms for searching and sorting data. And this course is project-based, so we’ll dive right into the project immediately!We are excited to be offering a unique course structure, designed to support learners of different backgrounds in succeeding at their own pace. The first module explains how this will work and if this course is right for you. We also recommend taking a few minutes to explore the course site. A good place to start is the navigation bar on the left. Click Course Content to see what material we’ll cover each week, as well preview the assignments you’ll need to complete to pass the course. Click Discussions to see forums where you can discuss the course material with fellow students taking the class. Be sure to introduce yourself to everyone in the Meet and Greet forum.This course should take about 6 weeks to complete. You can check out the recommended course schedule below to see a quick overview of the lessons and assignments you’ll complete each week.We’re excited you’re here learning with us. Let’s get started!;
This course will introduce you to the wonderful world of Python programming!  We'll learn about the essential elements of programming and how to construct basic Python programs. We will cover expressions, variables, functions, logic, and conditionals, which are foundational concepts in computer programming. We will also teach you how to use Python modules, which enable you to benefit from the vast array of functionality that is already a part of the Python language. These concepts and skills will help you to begin to think like a computer programmer and to understand how to go about writing Python programs.By the end of the course, you will be able to write short Python programs that are able to accomplish real, practical tasks. This course is the foundation for building expertise in Python programming. As the first course in a specialization, it provides the necessary building blocks for you to succeed at learning to write more complex Python programs.This course uses Python 3.  While many Python programs continue to use Python 2, Python 3 is the future of the Python programming language. This first course will use a Python 3 version of the CodeSkulptor development environment, which is specifically designed to help beginning programmers learn quickly.  CodeSkulptor runs within any modern web browser and does not require you to install any software, allowing you to start writing and running small programs immediately.  In the later courses in this specialization,  we will help you to move to more sophisticated desktop development environments.;
This is Unity’s official series of courses designed to prepare you for the Unity Certified Programmer exam, the certification for entry- to mid-level Unity programmers. You’ll gain practice and experience in each of the topics covered in the exam through hands-on problem solving challenges. You’ll build two complete Unity projects end-to-end, implementing core interactivity, supporting systems, and platform optimizations This series of courses is for Unity programmers with 1-2 years of experience who are ready to bring their existing skills up to a professional standard.;
In this class you will learn the basic principles and tools used to process images and videos, and how to apply them in solving practical problems of commercial and scientific interests.Digital images and videos are everywhere these days – in thousands of scientific (e.g., astronomical, bio-medical), consumer, industrial, and artistic applications. Moreover they come in a wide range of the electromagnetic spectrum - from visible light and infrared to gamma rays and beyond. The ability to process image and video signals is therefore an incredibly important skill to master for engineering/science students, software developers, and practicing scientists.   Digital image and video processing continues to enable the multimedia technology revolution we are experiencing today. Some important examples of image and video processing include the removal of degradations images suffer during acquisition (e.g., removing blur from a picture of a fast moving car), and the compression and transmission of images and videos (if you watch videos online, or share photos via a social media website, you use this everyday!), for economical storage and efficient transmission. This course will cover the fundamentals of image and video processing.  We will provide a mathematical framework to describe and analyze images and videos as two- and three-dimensional signals in the spatial, spatio-temporal, and frequency domains. In this class not only will you learn the theory behind fundamental processing tasks including image/video enhancement, recovery, and compression - but you will also learn how to perform these key processing tasks in practice using state-of-the-art techniques and tools. We will introduce and use a wide variety of such tools – from optimization toolboxes to statistical techniques. Emphasis on the special role sparsity plays in modern image and video processing will also be given.  In all cases, example images and videos pertaining to specific application domains will be utilized.;
Bringing a machine learning model into the real world involves a lot more than just modeling. This Specialization will teach you how to navigate various deployment scenarios and use data more effectively to train your model.In this first course, you’ll train and run machine learning models in any browser using TensorFlow.js. You’ll learn techniques for handling data in the browser, and at the end you’ll build a computer vision project that recognizes and classifies objects from a webcam.This Specialization builds upon our TensorFlow in Practice Specialization. If you are new to TensorFlow, we recommend that you take the TensorFlow in Practice Specialization first. To develop a deeper, foundational understanding of how neural networks work, we recommend that you take the Deep Learning Specialization.;
This course is for experienced C programmers who want to program in C++. The examples and exercises require a basic understanding of algorithms and object-oriented software.;
Unix forms a foundation that is often very helpful for accomplishing other goals you might have for you and your computer, whether that goal is running a business, writing a book, curing disease, or creating the next great app. The means to these goals are sometimes carried out by writing software. Software can’t be mined out of the ground, nor can software seeds be planted in spring to harvest by autumn. Software isn’t produced in factories on an assembly line. Software is a hand-made, often bespoke good. If a software developer is an artisan, then Unix is their workbench. Unix provides an essential and simple set of tools in a distraction-free environment. Even if you’re not a software developer learning Unix can open you up to new methods of thinking and novel ways to scale your ideas. This course is intended for folks who are new to programming and new to Unix-like operating systems like macOS and Linux distributions like Ubuntu. Most of the technologies discussed in this course will be accessed via a command line interface. Command line interfaces can seem alien at first, so this course attempts to draw parallels between using the command line and actions that you would normally take while using your mouse and keyboard. You’ll also learn how to write little pieces of software in a programming language called Bash, which allows you to connect together the tools we’ll discuss. My hope is that by the end of this course you be able to use different Unix tools as if they’re interconnecting Lego bricks.;
Control of Mobile Robots is a course that focuses on the application of modern control theory to the problem of making robots move around in safe and effective ways. The structure of this class is somewhat unusual since it involves many moving parts - to do robotics right, one has to go from basic theory all the way to an actual robot moving around in the real world, which is the challenge we have set out to address through the different pieces in the course.;
This course will walk you through a hands-on project suitable for a portfolio. You will be introduced to third-party APIs and will be shown how to manipulate images using the Python imaging library (pillow), how to apply optical character recognition to images to recognize text (tesseract and py-tesseract), and how to identify faces in images using the popular opencv library. By the end of the course you will have worked with three different libraries available for Python 3 to create a real-world data-analysis project.The course is best-suited for learners who have taken the first four courses of the Python 3 Programming Specialization. Learners who already have Python programming skills but want to practice with a hands-on, real-world data-analysis project can also benefit from this course.This is the fifth and final course in the Python 3 Programming Specialization.;
This course is an introduction to the finite element method as applicable to a range of problems in physics and engineering sciences. The treatment is mathematical, but only for the purpose of clarifying the formulation. The emphasis is on coding up the formulations in a modern, open-source environment that can be expanded to other applications, subsequently.The course includes about 45 hours of lectures covering the material I normally teach in anintroductory graduate class at University of Michigan. The treatment is mathematical, which isnatural for a topic whose roots lie deep in functional analysis and variational calculus. It is notformal, however, because the main goal of these lectures is to turn the viewer into acompetent developer of finite element code. We do spend time in rudimentary functionalanalysis, and variational calculus, but this is only to highlight the mathematical basis for themethods, which in turn explains why they work so well. Much of the success of the FiniteElement Method as a computational framework lies in the rigor of its mathematicalfoundation, and this needs to be appreciated, even if only in the elementary mannerpresented here. A background in PDEs and, more importantly, linear algebra, is assumed,although the viewer will find that we develop all the relevant ideas that are needed.The development itself focuses on the classical forms of partial differential equations (PDEs):elliptic, parabolic and hyperbolic. At each stage, however, we make numerous connections tothe physical phenomena represented by the PDEs. For clarity we begin with elliptic PDEs inone dimension (linearized elasticity, steady state heat conduction and mass diffusion). Wethen move on to three dimensional elliptic PDEs in scalar unknowns (heat conduction andmass diffusion), before ending the treatment of elliptic PDEs with three dimensional problemsin vector unknowns (linearized elasticity). Parabolic PDEs in three dimensions come next(unsteady heat conduction and mass diffusion), and the lectures end with hyperbolic PDEs inthree dimensions (linear elastodynamics). Interspersed among the lectures are responses toquestions that arose from a small group of graduate students and post-doctoral scholars whofollowed the lectures live. At suitable points in the lectures, we interrupt the mathematicaldevelopment to lay out the code framework, which is entirely open source, and C++ based.Books:There are many books on finite element methods. This class does not have a requiredtextbook. However, we do recommend the following books for more detailed and broadertreatments than can be provided in any form of class:The Finite Element Method: Linear Static and Dynamic Finite Element Analysis, T.J.R.Hughes, Dover Publications, 2000.The Finite Element Method: Its Basis and Fundamentals, O.C. Zienkiewicz, R.L. Taylor andJ.Z. Zhu, Butterworth-Heinemann, 2005.A First Course in Finite Elements, J. Fish and T. Belytschko, Wiley, 2007.Resources:You can download the deal.ii library at dealii.org. The lectures include coding tutorials wherewe list other resources that you can use if you are unable to install deal.ii on your owncomputer. You will need cmake to run deal.ii. It is available at cmake.org.;
If you want to take your website to the next level, the ability to incorporate interactivity is a must.    But adding some of these types of capabilities requires a stronger programming language than HTML5 or CSS3, and JavaScript can provide just what you need.  With just a basic understanding of the language, you can create a page that will react to common events such as page loads, mouse clicks &amp, movements, and even keyboard input.      This course will introduce you to the basics of the JavaScript language.  We will cover concepts such as variables, looping, functions, and even a little bit about debugging tools.  You will understand how the Document Object Model (DOM) is used by JavaScript to identify and modify specific parts of your page.  After the course, learners will be able to react to DOM Events and dynamically alter the contents and style of their page.   The class will culminate in a  final project - the creation of an interactive HTML5 form that accepts and verifies input.This is the third course in the Web Design For Everybody specialization.  A basic understanding of HTML and CSS is expected when you enroll in this class.    Additional courses focus on enhancing the styling with responsive design and completing a capstone project.;
This course covers the essential exploratory techniques for summarizing data. These techniques are typically applied before formal modeling commences and can help inform the development of more complex statistical models. Exploratory techniques are also important for eliminating or sharpening potential hypotheses about the world that can be addressed by the data. We will cover in detail the plotting systems in R as well as some of the basic principles of constructing data graphics. We will also cover some of the common multivariate statistical techniques used to visualize high-dimensional data.;
From the course: "The best way to prepare for the exam is to be competent in the skills required of the job."This course uses a top-down approach to recognize knowledge and skills already known, and to surface information and skill areas for additional preparation. You can use this course to help create your own custom preparation plan. It helps you distinguish what you know from what you don't know. And it helps you develop and practice skills required of practitioners who perform this job.The course follows the organization of the Exam Guide outline, presenting highest-level concepts, "touchstones", for you to determine whether you feel confident about your knowledge of that area and its dependent concepts, or if you want more study. You also will learn about and have the opportunity to practice key job skills, including cognitive skills such as case analysis, identifying technical watchpoints, and developing proposed solutions. These are job skills that are also exam skills. You will also test your basic abilities with Activity Tracking Challenge Labs. And you will have many sample questions similar to those on the exam, including solutions. The end of the course contains an ungraded practice exam quiz, followed by a graded practice exam quiz that simulates the exam-taking experience.;
The manufacturing industry is making a digital transformation, allowing companies to customize production through advances in machine learning, sustainable design, generative design, and collaboration, with integrated design and manufacturing processes. This course introduces innovations in CAD and digital manufacturing, speaking to the rapid changes taking place that are forever transforming the future of making.This course will also explore foundational concepts behind Autodesk® Fusion 360™ CAD/CAM. Fusion 360 is a cloud-based CAD/CAM tool for collaborative product development that combines industrial design, mechanical engineering, and machine tool programming into one software solution. Through a series of lectures and hands-on exercises, this course provides the core philosophy behind the software. By understanding how designs are both made and assembled, you'll learn to create better designs from the start.After completing this course, you will be able to:• Summarize an understanding of digital manufacturing, principles of sustainable design, and manufacturing processes.• Explain and discuss how trends such as generative design and machine learning are influencing innovation, and how things are made. • Demonstrate knowledge and skills in foundational concepts of Fusion 360 CAD/CAM software.• Practice design collaboration and file management best practices using Fusion 360 cloud-based features;
This course is for business analysts and SAS programmers who want to learn data manipulation techniques using the SAS DATA step and procedures to access, transform, and summarize data. The course builds on the concepts that are presented in the Getting Started with SAS Programming course and is not recommended for beginning SAS software users.In this course you learn how to understand and control DATA step processing, create an accumulating column and process data in groups, manipulate data with functions, convert column type, create custom formats, concatenate and merge tables, process repetitive code, and restructure tables. This course addresses Base SAS software.Before attending this course, you should be able to write DATA step code to access data, subset rows and columns, compute new columns, and process data conditionally. You should also be able to sort tables using the SORT procedure andapply SAS formats.;
Welcome to Introduction to Programming in Swift 5.In this course we will introduce you to the absolute basics of the Swift programming language.  Whether you are a brand new programmer or have experience with other programming languages this course is for you.Some of the things you will learn in this course are:•	An Introduction to Swift 5 programming concepts•	Installing the necessary tools•	Working with data such as Integers and Strings•	Creating reusable code with functions•	Working with data constructs such as arrays and dictionaries•	Object-oriented programming•	Model View ControllerBy the end of this course you will know how to build simple programs with the Swift programming language and you will be ready to learn iOS mobile development.;
This course distills for you expert knowledge and skills mastered by professionals in Health Big Data Science and Bioinformatics. You will learn exciting facts about the human body biology and chemistry, genetics, and medicine that will be intertwined with the science of Big Data and skills to harness the avalanche of data openly available at your fingertips and which we are just starting to make sense of. We’ll investigate the different steps required to master Big Data analytics on real datasets, including Next Generation Sequencing data, in a healthcare and biological context, from preparing data for analysis to completing the analysis, interpreting the results, visualizing them, and sharing the results.Needless to say, when you master these high-demand skills, you will be well positioned to apply for or move to positions in biomedical data analytics and bioinformatics. No matter what your skill levels are in biomedical or technical areas, you will gain highly valuable new or sharpened skills that will make you stand-out as a professional and want to dive even deeper in biomedical Big Data. It is my hope that this course will spark your interest in the vast possibilities offered by publicly available Big Data to better understand, prevent, and treat diseases.;
This course is an introductory programming course that combines programmingwith animation, using the programming environment Alice. You will firstlearn to tell 3D animated stories by programming Aliceʼs 3D objects. Inparticular you will learn how to set up a scene, to tell a story usingstoryboarding, to move the camera, and how to move and rotate objects. Youwill learn programming concepts such as writing your own instructions,repetition, making decisions, and grouping similar objects together.  Inthe second half of the course you will learn how to combine the topics youhave learned with event programming to build 3D games you and your friendscan play.;
This three-course specialization introduces you to the design principles, installation steps and operational procedures required to successfully adopt the Apigee API Platform On-Premises.Through a combination of video lectures, hands on labs, and supplemental materials, you'll learn how to design Apigee topologies, install, manage and upgrade platform. As well as how to conduct post installation and recurrent activities corresponding to security, monitoring, scaling and troubleshooting.This specialization is intended for Operations Engineers and Architects responsible for the installation and management of Apigee API Platform On-Premises.;
Build on the software engineering skills you learned in “Java Programming: Solving Problems with Software” by learning new data structures. Use these data structures to build more complex programs that use Java’s object-oriented features. At the end of the course you will write an encryption program and a program to break your encryption algorithm.After completing this course, you will be able to:1. Read and write data from/to files,2. Solve problems involving data files,3. Perform quantitative analyses of data (e.g., finding maximums, minimums, averages), 4. Store and manipulate data in an array or ArrayList,5. Combine multiple classes to solve larger problems,6. Use iterables and collections (including maps) in Java.;
El Programa Especializado pretende ser un punto de entrada al mundo del diseño y la creación del videojuego, considerando de forma específica e individualizada los diferentes aspectos que valora la industria: diseño - con particular interés de la parte artística - , motor y game play. Este punto de entrada te permitirá entender que crear un videojuego es un proceso complejo que involucra a cientos de personas durante un largo tiempo, en busca de un objetivo común: la creación de un videojuego que funciona tal y como lo ideaste. Una vez realizados los cursos, el proyecto final te permitirá centrarte y profundizar en aquella área que - en función de tu perfil o interés - te resulte de mayor atractivo: arte, proceso de diseño o programación y uso del motor.;
This course deals with all things server-side. We base the entire course around the NodeJS platform. We start with a brief overview of the Web protocols: HTTP and HTTPS. We examine NodeJS and NodeJS modules: Express for building web servers. On the database side, we review basic CRUD operations, NoSQL databases, in particular MongoDB and Mongoose for accessing MongoDB from NodeJS. We examine the REST concepts and building a RESTful API. We touch upon authentication and security. Finally we review backend as a service (BaaS) approaches, including mobile BaaS, both open-source and commercial BaaS services.At the end of this course, you will be able to:- Demonstrate an understanding of server-side concepts, CRUD and REST- Build and configure a backend server using NodeJS framework- Build a RESTful API for the front-end to access backend services;
Специализация “Просто о статистике” познакомит вас с основами прикладного анализа данных. Здесь не будет сложной математики, зато мы разберем на практике множество примеров.Вы научитесь описывать данные графически и при помощи описательных статистик, тестировать гипотезы, делая поправки на множественность тестов. При помощи линейных моделей вы сможете анализировать данные разных типов и проверять, выполняются ли допущения, лежащие в основе статистических методов. В частности, мы разберем, как устроены простая и множественная линейная регрессия, дисперсионный анализ, логистическая и Пуассоновская регрессия и т.д. Наконец, вы научитесь строить смешанные линейные модели, позволяющие работать с данными, когда благодаря дизайну сбора материала отдельные наблюдения оказываются взаимозависимы.Для статистического анализа мы будем использовать язык R -- универсальный язык науки о данных. Даже если вы раньше не писали программ, вы сможете научиться не только адаптировать существующие, но и создавать свои собственные скрипты для анализа данных.Каждый из курсов заканчивается практическим проектом, так что к концу специализации вы сможете собрать портфолио из разных видов анализа данных. Отчеты по проекту, выдержанные в традиции воспроизводимых исследований, вы научитесь создавать, не покидая R, при помощи пакетов knitr / rmarkdown.;
This course will get you up and running with MongoDB quickly, and teach you how to leverage its power for data analytics.We'll start by mastering the fundamentals of MongoDB, including MongoDB’s Document data model, importing data into a cluster, working with our CRUD API and Aggregation Framework. These topics will be taught through a demo application which will give you a great first encounter of how simple and practical it can be to build applications with MongoDB.In addition to these essential topics, you will also learn and work with useful MongoDB tools and services. You will work with Atlas, MongoDB's database as a service, MongoDB Compass, a schema visualization tool, as well as many other useful command-line utilities.;
This course is an introduction to the basic concepts of programming languages, with a strong emphasis on functional programming. The course uses the languages ML, Racket, and Ruby as vehicles for teaching the concepts, but the real intent is to teach enough about how any language “fits together” to make you more effective programming in any language -- and in learning new ones.This course is neither particularly theoretical nor just about programming specifics -- it will give you a framework for understanding how to use language constructs effectively and how to design correct and elegant programs. By using different languages, you will learn to think more deeply than in terms of the particular syntax of one language. The emphasis on functional programming is essential for learning how to write robust, reusable, composable, and elegant programs. Indeed, many of the most important ideas in modern languages have their roots in functional programming. Get ready to learn a fresh and beautiful way to look at software and how to have fun building it.The course assumes some prior experience with programming, as described in more detail in the first module.The course is divided into three Coursera courses: Part A, Part B, and Part C.  As explained in more detail in the first module of Part A, the overall course is a substantial amount of challenging material, so the three-part format provides two intermediate milestones and opportunities for a pause before continuing.  The three parts are designed to be completed in order and set up to motivate you to continue through to the end of Part C.  The three parts are not quite equal in length: Part A is almost as substantial as Part B and Part C combined.Week 1 of Part A has a more detailed list of topics for all three parts of the course, but it is expected that most course participants will not (yet!) know what all these topics mean.;
In this third course of the specialization, we’ll drill deeper into the tools Tableau offers in the areas of charting, dates, table calculations and mapping. We’ll explore the best choices for charts, based on the type of data you are using. We’ll look at specific types of charts including scatter plots, Gantt charts, histograms, bullet charts and several others, and we’ll address charting guidelines. We’ll define discrete and continuous dates, and examine when to use each one to explain your data.  You’ll learn how to create custom and quick table calculations and how to create parameters. We’ll also introduce mapping and explore how Tableau can use different types of geographic data, how to connect to multiple data sources and how to create custom maps.;
This course will introduce you to the multiple forms of parallelism found in modern Intel architecture processors and teach you the programming frameworks for handling this parallelism in applications.  You will get access to a cluster of modern manycore processors (Intel Xeon Phi architecture) for experiments with graded programming exercises.This course can apply to various HPC and datacenter workloads and framework including artificial intelligence (AI). You will learn how to handle data parallelism with vector instructions, task parallelism in shared memory with threads, parallelism in distributed memory with message passing, and memory architecture parallelism with optimized data containers. This knowledge will help you to accelerate computational applications by orders of magnitude, all the while keeping your code portable and future-proof.Prerequisite: programming in C/C++ or Fortran in the Linux environment and Linux shell proficiency (navigation, file copying, editing files in text-based editors, compilation).;
If you want to break into competitive data science, then this course is for you! Participating in predictive modelling competitions can help you gain practical experience, improve and harness your data modelling skills in various domains such as credit, insurance, marketing, natural language processing, sales’ forecasting and computer vision to name a few. At the same time you get to do it in a competitive context against thousands of participants where each one tries to build the most predictive algorithm. Pushing each other to the limit can result in better performance and smaller prediction errors. Being able to achieve high ranks consistently can help you accelerate your career in data science.In this course, you will learn to analyse and solve competitively such predictive modelling tasks. When you finish this class, you will:- Understand how to solve predictive modelling competitions efficiently and learn which of the skills obtained can be applicable to real-world tasks.- Learn how to preprocess the data and generate new features from various sources such as text and images.- Be taught advanced feature engineering techniques like generating mean-encodings, using aggregated statistical measures or finding nearest neighbors as a means to improve your predictions.- Be able to form reliable cross validation methodologies that help you benchmark your solutions and avoid overfitting or underfitting when tested with unobserved (test) data. - Gain experience of analysing and interpreting the data. You will become aware of inconsistencies, high noise levels, errors and other data-related issues such as leakages and you will learn how to overcome them. - Acquire knowledge of different algorithms and learn how to efficiently tune their hyperparameters and achieve top performance. - Master the art of combining different machine learning models and learn how to ensemble. - Get exposed to past (winning) solutions and codes and learn how to read them.Disclaimer : This is not a machine learning course in the general sense. This course will teach you how to get high-rank solutions against thousands of competitors with focus on practical usage of machine learning methods rather than the theoretical underpinnings behind them.Prerequisites: - Python: work with DataFrames in pandas, plot figures in matplotlib, import and train models from scikit-learn, XGBoost, LightGBM.- Machine Learning: basic understanding of linear models, K-NN, random forest, gradient boosting and neural networks.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
Learner Outcomes: After taking this course, you will be able to:- Utilize various Application Programming Interface (API) services to collect data from different social media sources such as YouTube, Twitter, and Flickr.- Process the collected data - primarily structured - using methods involving correlation, regression, and classification to derive insights about the sources and people who generated that data.- Analyze unstructured data - primarily textual comments - for sentiments expressed in them.- Use different tools for collecting, analyzing, and exploring social media data for research and development purposes.Sample Learner Story: Data analyst wanting to leverage social media data.Isabella is a Data Analyst working as a consultant for a multinational corporation. She has experience working with Web analysis tools as well as marketing data. She wants to now expand into social media arena, trying to leverage the vast amounts of data available through various social media channels. Specifically, she wants to see how their clients, partners, and competitors view their products/services and talk about them. She hopes to build a new workflow of data analytics that incorporates traditional data processing using Web and marketing tools, as well as newer methods of using social media data.Sample Job Roles requiring these skills: - Social Media Analyst- Web Analyst- Data Analyst- Marketing and Public Relations Final Project Deliverable/ Artifact: The course will have a series of small assignments or mini-projects that involve data collection, analysis, and presentation involving various social media sources using the techniques learned in the class.The course was developed by Dr. Chirag Shah while he was a faculty member at Rutgers University. He is currently a faculty member at University of Washington.;
This Specialization focuses on the basics of iOS application development. You’ll gain the skills you need to create your own app, including fluency in Objective-C and UIKit and SpriteKit user interface concepts, and you’ll learn to leverage networking, security, audio, video, location, and sensor frameworks. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply your skills to create a networked game that leverages sensors on the phone to create a unique gaming experience, and that you can showcase in job applications and interviews or offer in the iTunes store.;
This introductory course is for SAS software users who perform statistical analyses using SAS/STAT software. The focus is on t tests, ANOVA, and linear regression, and includes a brief introduction to logistic regression.;
In this course, we'll give you the tools to quickly identify and solve real-world problems that you might come across in your IT role. We'll look at a bunch of different strategies and approaches for tackling the most common pitfalls of your code and IT infrastructure. You'll learn strategies for approaching almost any technical problem and then see how those apply to solving different real-world scenarios. We picked examples that include general system issues, issues with software that someone else wrote, and issues with programs that we wrote. We'll talk about problems that can affect any operating system, and we'll also look at challenges specific to certain platforms and scripting languages.We strongly recommend that you’ve taken the prior courses in this program, or already have knowledge of Python and Linux so that you can follow along with our troubleshooting examples.;
Обучение на размеченных данных или обучение с учителем – это наиболее распространенный класс задач машинного обучения. К нему относятся те задачи, где нужно научиться предсказывать некоторую величину для любого объекта, имея конечное число примеров. Это может быть предсказание уровня пробок на участке дороги, определение возраста пользователя по его действиям в интернете, предсказание цены, по которой будет куплена подержанная машина.В этом курсе вы научитесь формулировать и, конечно, решать такие задачи. В центре нашего внимания будут успешно применяемые на практике алгоритмы классификации и регрессии: линейные модели, нейронные сети, решающие деревья и так далее. Особый акцент мы сделаем на такой мощной технике как построение композиций, которая позволяет существенно повысить качество отдельных алгоритмов и широко используется при решении прикладных задач. В частности, мы узнаем про случайные леса и про метод градиентного бустинга.Построение предсказывающих алгоритмов — это лишь часть работы при решении задачи анализа данных. Мы разберемся и с другими этапами: оценивание обобщающей способности алгоритмов, подбор параметров модели, выбор и подсчет метрик качества.Видео курса разработаны на Python 2. Задания и ноутбуки к ним адаптированы к Python 3.;
Case Study - Predicting Housing PricesIn our first case study, predicting house prices, you will create models that predict a continuous value (price) from input features (square footage, number of bedrooms and bathrooms,...).  This is just one of the many places where regression can be applied.  Other applications range from predicting health outcomes in medicine, stock prices in finance, and power usage in high-performance computing, to analyzing which regulators are important for gene expression.In this course, you will explore regularized linear regression models for the task of prediction and feature selection.  You will be able to handle very large sets of features and select between models of various complexity.  You will also analyze the impact of aspects of your data -- such as outliers -- on your selected models and predictions.  To fit these models, you will implement optimization algorithms that scale to large datasets.Learning Outcomes:  By the end of this course, you will be able to:   -Describe the input and output of a regression model.   -Compare and contrast bias and variance when modeling data.   -Estimate model parameters using optimization algorithms.   -Tune parameters with cross validation.   -Analyze the performance of the model.   -Describe the notion of sparsity and how LASSO leads to sparse solutions.   -Deploy methods to select between models.   -Exploit the model to form predictions.    -Build a regression model to predict prices using a housing dataset.   -Implement these techniques in Python.;
The Unordered Data Structures course covers the data structures and algorithms needed to implement hash tables, disjoint sets and graphs. These fundamental data structures are useful for unordered data. For example, a hash table provides immediate access to data indexed by an arbitrary key value, that could be a number (such as a memory address for cached memory), a URL (such as for a web cache) or a dictionary. Graphs are used to represent relationships between items, and this course covers several different data structures for representing graphs and several different algorithms for traversing graphs, including finding the shortest route from one node to another node. These graph algorithms will also depend on another concept called disjoint sets, so this course will also cover its data structure and associated algorithms.;
This course gives you the background needed to understand the key cybersecurity compliance and industry standards.  This knowledge will be important for you to learn no matter what cybersecurity role you would like to acquire or have within an organization.You will learn the basic commands for user and server administration as it relates to security. You will need this skill to be able to understand vulnerabilities within your organizations operating systems.You will learn the concepts of endpoint security and patch management.  Both of these topics are important to keep systems current to avoid cybersecurity incidents against an organization.Finally you will learn in depth skills around cryptography and encryption to understand how these concepts affect software within a company.  This course is intended for anyone who wants to gain a basic understanding of Security Frameworks, Compliance, endpoint management, encryption or cryptography or as the third course in a series of courses to gain the skill as a Jr Cybersecurity analyst.;
How can we create agile micro aerial vehicles that are able to operate autonomously in cluttered indoor and outdoor environments?  You will gain an introduction to the mechanics of flight and the design of quadrotor flying robots and will be able to develop dynamic models, derive controllers, and synthesize planners for operating in three dimensional environments.  You will be exposed to the challenges of using noisy sensors for localization and maneuvering in complex, three-dimensional environments.  Finally, you will gain insights through seeing real world examples of the possible applications and challenges for the rapidly-growing drone industry.Mathematical prerequisites: Students taking this course are expected to have some familiarity with linear algebra, single variable calculus, and differential equations.Programming prerequisites: Some experience programming with MATLAB or Octave is recommended (we will use MATLAB in this course.) MATLAB will require the use of a 64-bit computer.;
An increasing volume of data is becoming available in biomedicine and healthcare, from genomic data, to electronic patient records and data collected by wearable devices. Recent advances in data science are transforming the life sciences, leading to precision medicine and stratified healthcare. In this course, you will learn about some of the different types of data and computational methods involved in stratified healthcare and precision medicine.  You will have a hands-on experience of working with such data.  And you will learn from leaders in the field about successful case studies. Topics include: (i) Sequence Processing, (ii) Image Analysis, (iii) Network Modelling, (iv) Probabilistic Modelling, (v) Machine Learning, (vi) Natural Language Processing, (vii) Process Modelling and (viii) Graph Data.Watch the course promo video here: http://edin.ac/2pn350P;
Manipulating big data distributed over a cluster using functional concepts is rampant in industry, and is arguably one of the first widespread industrial uses of functional ideas. This is evidenced by the popularity of MapReduce and Hadoop, and most recently Apache Spark, a fast, in-memory distributed collections framework written in Scala. In this course, we'll see how the data parallel paradigm can be extended to the distributed case, using Spark throughout. We'll cover Spark's programming model in detail, being careful to understand how and when it differs from familiar programming models, like shared-memory parallel collections or sequential Scala collections. Through hands-on examples in Spark and Scala, we'll learn when important issues related to distribution like latency and network communication should be considered and how they can be addressed effectively for improved performance.Learning Outcomes. By the end of this course you will be able to:- read data from persistent storage and load it into Apache Spark,- manipulate data with Spark and Scala,- express algorithms for data analysis in a functional style, - recognize how to avoid shuffles and recomputation in Spark,Recommended background: You should have at least one year programming experience. Proficiency with Java or C# is ideal, but experience with other languages such as C/C++, Python, Javascript or Ruby is also sufficient. You should have some familiarity using the command line. This course is intended to be taken after Parallel Programming: https://www.coursera.org/learn/parprog1.;
In this course you will learn three key website programming and design languages: HTML, CSS and JavaScript. You will create a web page using basic elements to control layout and style.  Additionally, your web page will support interactivity. At the end of the course, you will be able to:1. Define the purpose of HTML, CSS and JavaScript2. Make a simple web page using HTML3. Use CSS to control text styles and layout4. Use CSS libraries such as Bootstrap to create responsive layouts5. Use JavaScript variables and functions6. Manipulate web page content using JavaScript7. Respond to user input using JavaScriptIn this course, you will complete: 2 assignments writing HTML, CSS and JavaScript, each taking ~1 hour to complete4 quizzes, each taking ~20 minutes to complete1 programming exercise~30 minutes to completemultiple practice quizzes, each taking ~5 minutes to completeParticipation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for University of London programmes.;
Especialización acelerada en línea de cinco semanas de duración, donde los participantes reciben una introducción práctica en el diseño y compilación de sistemas de procesamiento de datos en Google Cloud Platform. Usando una combinación de presentaciones, demostraciones y labs prácticos, los participantes aprenderán a diseñar sistemas de procesamiento de datos, compilar canalizaciones de datos de extremo a extremo, analizar datos y llevar a efecto funciones de aprendizaje automático. Este curso le enseñará las siguientes habilidades:• Diseñar y crear sistemas de procesamiento de datos en Google Cloud Platform• Aprovechar los datos no estructurados mediante Spark y las API de AA en Cloud Dataproc• Procesar los datos por lotes y de transmisión mediante la implementación de canalizaciones de datos de ajuste de escala automático en Cloud Dataflow• Generar estadísticas empresariales a partir de conjuntos de datos muy grandes mediante Google BigQuery• Entrenar, evaluar y predecir por medio de los modelos de aprendizaje automático con Tensorflow y Cloud ML• Extraer estadísticas al instante a partir de los datos de transmisiónEste curso está dirigido a desarrolladores experimentados responsables de la administración de transformaciones de macrodatos.&gt,&gt,&gt, Al inscribirse en esta especialización acepta los Términos de Servicio de Qwiklabs según lo establecido en las Preguntas Frecuentes, disponibles en el apartado: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
Welcome to State Estimation and Localization for Self-Driving Cars, the second course in University of Toronto’s Self-Driving Cars Specialization. We recommend you take the first course in the Specialization prior to taking this course. This course will introduce you to the different sensors and how we can use them for state estimation and localization in a self-driving car. By the end of this course, you will be able to:- Understand the key methods for parameter and state estimation used for autonomous driving, such as the method of least-squares- Develop a model for typical vehicle localization sensors, including GPS and IMUs- Apply extended and unscented Kalman Filters to a vehicle state estimation problem- Understand LIDAR scan matching and the Iterative Closest Point algorithm - Apply these tools to fuse multiple sensor streams into a single state estimate for a self-driving car For the final project in this course, you will implement the Error-State Extended Kalman Filter (ES-EKF) to localize a vehicle using data from the CARLA simulator. This is an advanced course, intended for learners with a background in mechanical engineering, computer and electrical engineering, or robotics. To succeed in this course, you should have programming experience in Python 3.0, familiarity with Linear Algebra (matrices, vectors, matrix multiplication, rank, Eigenvalues and vectors and inverses), Statistics (Gaussian probability distributions), Calculus and Physics (forces, moments, inertia, Newton's Laws).;
Не так давно получил распространение термин «большие данные», обозначивший новую прикладную область — поиск способов автоматического быстрого анализа огромных объёмов разнородной информации. Наука о больших данных ещё только оформляется, но уже сейчас она очень востребована — и в будущем будет востребована только больше.С её помощью можно решать невероятные задачи: оценивать состояние печени по кардиограмме, предсказывать зарплату по описанию вакансии, предлагать пользователю музыку на основании его анкеты в интернете.Большими данными может оказаться что угодно: результаты научных экспериментов, логи банковских транзакций, метеорологические наблюдения, профили в социальных сетях — словом, всё, что может быть полезно проанализировать.Самым перспективным подходом к анализу больших данных считается применение машинного обучения — набора методов, благодаря которым компьютер может находить в массивах изначально неизвестные взаимосвязи и закономерности.На факультете компьютерных наук ВШЭ и в Школе анализа данных есть люди, активно использующие машинное обучение и разрабатывающие новые подходы к нему. Именно они — преподаватели этого курса.Вы изучите основные типы задач, решаемых с помощью машинного обучения — в основном речь пойдёт о классификации, регрессии и кластеризации. Узнаете об основных методах машинного обучения и их особенностях, научитесь оценивать качество моделей — и решать, подходит ли модель для решения конкретной задачи. Наконец, познакомитесь с современными библиотеками, в которых реализованы обсуждаемые модели и методы оценки их качества. Для работы мы будем использовать реальные данные из реальных задач.Краткая программа курса:Неделя 1. Введение. Примеры задач. Логические методы: решающие деревья и решающие леса.Неделя 2. Метрические методы классификации. Линейные методы, стохастический градиент.Неделя 3. Метод опорных векторов (SVM). Логистическая регрессия. Метрики качества классификации.Неделя 4. Линейная регрессия. Понижение размерности, метод главных компонент.Неделя 5. Композиции алгоритмов, градиентный бустинг. Нейронные сети.Неделя 6. Кластеризация и визуализация. Частичное обучение.Неделя 7. Прикладные задачи анализа данных: постановки и методы решения.Слушателю нужно знать об основных понятиях математики: функциях, производных, векторах, матрицах. Для выполнения практических заданий потребуются базовые навыки программирования. Очень желательно знать Python. Задания рассчитаны на использование этого языка и его библиотек numpy, pandas и scikit-learn.Чтобы успешно завершить курс, нужно набрать проходную сумму баллов за тесты и практические задания, а также выполнить финальный проект, посвящённый решению прикладной задачи анализа данных.Мы уверены, что этот курс будет полезен каждому, кто хочет постичь искусство предсказательного моделирования и освоить интеллектуальный анализ данных.Появились технические трудности? Обращайтесь на адрес: coursera@hse.ru;
While agile has become the de facto standard for managing digital innovation teams, many wonder if they’re doing it ‘right’. Twitter is full of jokes about how teams say they do agile but don’t ‘really’ do it. The reality is that getting the most out of agile is less about observing specific procedures and more about how a team focuses and measures their progress. Rather than just boring you with an accounting of agile methodologies, this course focuses on helping you better charter your team’s focus, definition of success, and practice of agile. While learning about agile mainstays like Scrum, XP, and kanban, you’ll also learn to help your team ask the right questions about how they’re working and facilitate good answers on how agile can help.    As a  Project Management Institute (PMI®) Registered Education Provider, the University of Virginia Darden School of Business has been approved by PMI to issue 20 professional development units (PDUs) for this course, which focuses on core competencies recognized by PMI. (Provider #2122) This course is supported by the Batten Institute at UVA’s Darden School of Business. The Batten Institute’s mission is to improve the world through entrepreneurship and innovation: www.batteninstitute.org.;
This course covers the techniques required to break down and map requirements into plans that will ultimately drive software production.Upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:- Create effective plans for software development- Map user requirements to developer tasks- Assess and plan for project risks- Apply velocity-driven planning techniques- Generate work estimates for software products;
This MOOC teaches you how to program core features and classes from the Java programming language that are used in Android, which is the dominant platform for developing and deploying mobile device apps. In particular, this MOOC covers key Java programming language features that control the flow of execution through an app (such as Java’s various looping constructs and conditional statements), enable access to structured data (such as Java's built-in arrays and common classes in the Java Collections Framework, such as ArrayList and HashMap), group related operations and data into classes and interfaces (such as Java's primitive and user-defined types, fields, methods, generic parameters, and exceptions), customize the behavior of existing classes via inheritance and polymorphism (such as subclassing and overriding virtual methods). Learners will apply these Java features in the context of core Android components (such as Activities and basic UI elements) by applying common tools (such as Android Studio) needed to develop Java programs and useful Android apps.  Learners will work on several hands-on projects throughout the MOOC, i.e., each week will require learners to write solutions to programming assignments that reinforce the material covered in the lecture videos. There will be roughly 4-6 hours of student engagement time per week, including video lectures, quizzes, and programming assignments.;
The practice of investment management has been transformed in recent years by computational methods. Instead of merely explaining the science, we help you build on that foundation in a practical manner, with an emphasis on the hands-on implementation of those ideas in the Python programming language. In this course, we cover the estimation, of risk and return parameters for meaningful portfolio decisions, and also introduce a variety of state-of-the-art portfolio construction techniques that have proven popular in investment management and portfolio construction due to their enhanced robustness.As we cover the theory and math in lecture videos, we'll also implement the concepts in Python, and you'll be able to code along with us so that you have a deep and practical understanding of how those methods work. By the time you are done, not only will you have a foundational understanding of modern computational methods in investment management, you'll have practical mastery in the implementation of those methods. If you follow along and implement all the lab exercises, you will complete the course with a powerful toolkit that you will be able to use to perform your own analysis and build your own implementations and perhaps even use your newly acquired knowledge to improve on current methods.;
Специализация посвящена изучению современной iOS-разработки.Вы освоите новейший язык программирования Swift. На практике научитесь создавать адаптивный пользовательский интерфейс для iPhone и iPad. Научитесь использовать многопоточность при разработке приложений, а также работать с сетью и хранить данные в приложении. Мы также разберем инструменты и средства для отладки приложений.Вас ждет:- Знакомство со средой разработки Xcode- Основы Swift- Обобщённое программирование, замыкания и другие продвинутые возможности языка- Особенности разработки приложений под iOS- UIView и UIViewController- Создание адаптивного интерфейса- Анимации и переходы- Основы отладки приложений- Способы организации многопоточности- Синхронизация потоков- Управление памятью- Основы оптимизации приложенийДля успешного освоения программы специализации необходимы базовые знания в области разработки программного обеспечения, знание одного из объектно-ориентированных языков программирования, а также знание английского, достаточное для чтения документации.;
In this course you will be introduced to the basic ideas behind the qualitative research in social science. You will learn about data collection, description, analysis and interpretation in qualitative research. Qualitative research often involves an iterative process. We will focus on the ingredients required for this process: data collection and analysis.You won't learn how to use qualitative methods by just watching video's, so we put much stress on collecting data through observation and interviewing and on analysing and interpreting the collected data in other assignments.Obviously, the most important concepts in qualitative research will be discussed, just as we will discuss quality criteria, good practices, ethics, writing some methods of analysis, and mixing methods.We hope to take away some prejudice, and enthuse many students for qualitative research.;
The Arduino is an open-source computer hardware/software platform for building digital devices and interactive objects that can sense and control the physical world around them. In this class you will learn how the Arduino platform works in terms of the physical board and libraries and the IDE (integrated development environment). You will also learn about shields, which are smaller boards that plug into the main Arduino board to perform other functions such as sensing light, heat, GPS tracking, or providing a user interface display. The course will also cover programming the Arduino using C code and accessing the pins on the board via the software to control external devices. Please note that this course does not include discussion forums.Upon completing this course, you will be able to:1.       Outline the composition of the Arduino development board2.       Describe what it means to program the board's firmware3.       Read board schematics4.       Install Arduino IDE5.       Describe what "shields" are and how they are used6.       Specify the role of libraries in the use of shields7.       Compile and run a program8.       Name C Variables and Types9.       Name common C operators10.     Use conditionals and loops11.     Explain functions, their definition and invocation12.     Explain the implications of global variables13.     Undertake the Arduino build process14.     Describe the role of the tools behind the IDE15.     Describe how to invoke functions in classes16.     Explain the structure of an Arduino sketch17.     Access the pins of the Arduino18.     Differentiate between digital and analog pin19.     Debug embedded software20.     Explain the importance of controllability and observability in the debugging process21.     Describe common debugging architectures for embedded systems22.     Explain how the UART Serial communication protocol works23.     Describe how the Arduino Serial library performs serial communication;
In this course, you'll get an in-depth look at the SQL SELECT statement and its main clauses. The course focuses on big data SQL engines Apache Hive and Apache Impala, but most of the information is applicable to SQL with traditional RDBMs as well, the instructor explicitly addresses differences for MySQL and PostgreSQL.By the end of the course, you will be able to• explore and navigate databases and tables using different tools,• understand the basics of SELECT statements,• understand how and why to filter results,• explore grouping and aggregation to answer analytic questions,• work with sorting and limiting results, and • combine multiple tables in different ways.To use the hands-on environment for this course, you need to download and install a virtual machine and the software on which to run it. Before continuing, be sure that you have access to a computer that meets the following hardware and software requirements:• Windows, macOS, or Linux operating system (iPads and Android tablets will not work)• 64-bit operating system (32-bit operating systems will not work)• 8 GB RAM or more• 25GB free disk space or more• Intel VT-x or AMD-V virtualization support enabled (on Mac computers with Intel processors, this is always enabled,on Windows and Linux computers, you might need to enable it in the BIOS)• For Windows XP computers only: You must have an unzip utility such as 7-Zip or WinZip installed (Windows XP’s built-in unzip utility will not work);
This course gives you an in depth overview of API development on the Apigee API Platform. We'll learn abut how to properly approach your API development and ensure you're aware of the various tools and out of the box policies available within Apigee Edge that can assist you with implementation. As part of the lab exercises, we'll provide a set of instructions to spin up your own Apigee free environment and start developing a basic API from scratch.By taking this course, you'll come to have a high level understanding of API development. All supplemental materials will be provided to you for offline review / reference. If you ever wanted to learn about API development, this is the course for you!Note: Those taking this course should first complete the "API Design and Fundamentals of Google Cloud's Apigee API Platform" course.;
Leveraging the visualizations you created in the previous course, Visual Analytics with Tableau, you will create dashboards that help you identify the story within your data, and you will discover how to use Storypoints to create a powerful story to leave a lasting impression with your audience.You will balance the goals of your stakeholders with the needs of your end-users, and be able to structure and organize your story for maximum impact. Throughout the course you will apply more advanced functions within Tableau, such as hierarchies, actions and parameters to guide user interactions.  For your final project, you will create a compelling narrative to be delivered in a meeting, as a static report, or in an interactive display online.;
This MOOC describes by example how to build cloud services via the use of object-oriented design techniques, Java programming language features, Java Servlets, the Java Spring Framework, and cloud computing platforms, such as Amazon Web Services.  Due to the importance of building secure and scalable mobile/cloud platforms, this MOOC will not only show you how to build cloud services, but how to do so securely, scalably, and efficiently. Security and scalability topics will be woven into discussions of cloud service creation so that students learn, from the start, how to create robust cloud services.;
Welcome to Data Analytics Foundations for Accountancy I! You’re joining thousands of learners currently enrolled in the course. I'm excited to have you in the class and look forward to your contributions to the learning community.To begin, I recommend taking a few minutes to explore the course site. Review the material we’ll cover each week, and preview the assignments you’ll need to complete to pass the course. Click Discussions to see forums where you can discuss the course material with fellow students taking the class.If you have questions about course content, please post them in the forums to get help from others in the course community. For technical problems with the Coursera platform, visit the Learner Help Center.Good luck as you get started, and I hope you enjoy the course!;
This class provides an introduction to the Python programming language and the iPython notebook. This is the third course in the Genomic Big Data Science Specialization from Johns Hopkins University.;
We introduce low-level TensorFlow and work our way through the necessary concepts and APIs so as to be able to write distributed machine learning models. Given a TensorFlow model, we explain how to scale out the training of that model and offer high-performance predictions using Cloud Machine Learning Engine.Course Objectives:Create machine learning models in TensorFlowUse the TensorFlow libraries to solve numerical problemsTroubleshoot and debug common TensorFlow code pitfallsUse tf.estimator to create, train, and evaluate an ML modelTrain, deploy, and productionalize ML models at scale with Cloud ML Engine;
This course is for novice programmers or business people who would like to understand the core tools used to wrangle and analyze big data. With no prior experience, you will have the opportunity to walk through hands-on examples with Hadoop and Spark frameworks, two of the most common in the industry. You will be comfortable explaining the specific components and basic processes of the Hadoop architecture, software stack, and execution environment.   In the assignments you will be guided in how data scientists apply the important concepts and techniques such as Map-Reduce that are used to solve fundamental problems in big data.  You'll feel empowered to have conversations about big data and the data analysis process.;
Linear models, as their name implies, relates an outcome to a set of predictors of interest using linear assumptions.  Regression models, a subset of linear models, are the most important statistical analysis tool in a data scientist’s toolkit. This course covers regression analysis, least squares and inference using regression models. Special cases of the regression model, ANOVA and ANCOVA will be covered as well. Analysis of residuals and variability will be investigated. The course will cover modern thinking on model selection and novel uses of regression models including scatterplot smoothing.;
This course is an introduction to computer science and programming in Python.  Upon successful completion of this course, you will be able to:1.  Take a new computational problem and develop a plan to solve it through problem understanding and decomposition.2.  Follow a design creation process that includes specifications, algorithms, and testing.3.  Code, test, and debug a program in Python, based on your design.Important computer science concepts such as problem solving (computational thinking), problem decomposition, algorithms, abstraction, and software quality are emphasized throughout.  The Python programming language and video games are used to demonstrate computer science concepts in a concrete and fun manner.  However, a learner can take the knowledge and skills from this course and apply them to non-game problems, other programming languages, and other computer science courses.You do not need any previous programming, Python, or video game experience.  However, some computer skills (e.g., mouse, keyboard, document editing), knowledge of algebra, attention to detail (as with many technical subjects), and a “just give it a try” spirit will be keys to your success.  Despite the use of video games for all the programming examples, PVG is not about computer games.  PVG will still provide valuable knowledge and skills for non-game computational problems.The interactive learning objects (ILO) of the course provide automatic, context-specific guidance and feedback, like a virtual teaching assistant, as you develop problem descriptions, algorithms, and functional test plans.  The course forums will be supported by the creators of the course, to help you succeed.All videos, assessments, and ILOs are available free of charge.  There is an optional certificate available for a fee.;
Do you want to know how robots work?  Are you interested in robotics as a career?  Are you willing to invest the effort to learn fundamental mathematical modeling techniques that are used in all subfields of robotics?If so, then the "Modern Robotics:  Mechanics, Planning, and Control" specialization may be for you.  This specialization, consisting of six short courses, is serious preparation for serious students who hope to work in the field of robotics or to undertake advanced study.  It is not a sampler.In Course 1 of the specialization, Foundations of Robot Motion, you will learn fundamental material regarding robot configurations, for both serial robot mechanisms and robots with closed chains.  You will learn about configuration space (C-space), degrees of freedom, C-space topology, implicit and explicit representations of configurations, and holonomic and nonholonomic constraints.  You will also learn how to represent spatial velocities and forces as twists and wrenches.  This material is at the core of the study of anything that moves (e.g., robots).This course follows the textbook "Modern Robotics:  Mechanics, Planning, and Control" (Lynch and Park, Cambridge University Press 2017).  You can purchase the book or use the free preprint pdf.  You will build on a library of robotics software in the language of your choice (among Python, Mathematica, and MATLAB) and use the free cross-platform robot simulator V-REP, which allows you to work with state-of-the-art robots in the comfort of your own home and with zero financial investment.;
In this course, you’ll learn how to apply automation to manage fleets of computers. You’ll understand how to automate the process for deploying new computers, keeping those machines updated, managing large-scale changes, and a lot more. We'll discuss managing both physical machines running in our offices and virtual machines running in the Cloud.We'll start by looking into an automation technique called configuration management, which lets you manage the configuration of our computers at scale. Specifically, you'll learn how to use Puppet, the current industry standard for configuration management. We'll look at some simple examples, and then see how we can apply the same concepts to more complex cases. You’ll be a Puppet-master in no time!Later on, you'll expand your automation skills by understanding how to use the Cloud to help scale your infrastructure. You'll check out some best practices for handling hundreds of virtual machines running in the Cloud and troubleshooting them when things don't go according to plan.;
In this course you will learn how to apply the functional programming style in the design of larger applications. You'll get to know important new functional programming concepts, from lazy evaluation to structuring your libraries using monads. We'll work on larger and more involved examples, from state space exploration to random testing to discrete circuit simulators. You’ll also learn some best practices on how to write good Scala code in the real world.Several parts of this course deal with the question how functional programming interacts with mutable state. We will explore the consequences of combining functions and state. We will also look at purely functional alternatives to mutable state, using infinite data structures or functional reactive programming.Learning Outcomes. By the end of this course you will be able to: - recognize and apply design principles of functional programs, - design functional libraries and their APIs, - competently combine functions and state in one program, - understand reasoning techniques for programs that combine    functions and state, - write simple functional reactive applications.Recommended background: You should have at least one year programming experience. Proficiency with Java or C# is ideal, but experience with other languages such as C/C++, Python, Javascript or Ruby is also sufficient. You should have some familiarity using the command line. This course is intended to be taken after Functional Programming Principles in Scala: https://www.coursera.org/learn/progfun1.;
Welcome to Linear Regression in R for Public Health!Public Health has been defined as “the art and science of preventing disease, prolonging life and promoting health through the organized efforts of society”. Knowing what causes disease and what makes it worse are clearly vital parts of this. This requires the development of statistical models that describe how patient and environmental factors affect our chances of getting ill. This course will show you how to create such models from scratch, beginning with introducing you to the concept of correlation and  linear regression before walking you through importing and examining your data, and then showing you how to fit models. Using the example of respiratory disease, these models will describe how patient and other factors affect outcomes such as lung function. Linear regression is one of a family of regression models, and the other courses in this series will cover two further members. Regression models have many things in common with each other, though the mathematical details differ. This course will show you how to prepare the data, assess how well the model fits the data, and test its underlying assumptions – vital tasks with any type of regression. You will use the free and versatile software package R, used by statisticians and data scientists in academia, governments and industry worldwide.;
Go (golang) - современный язык программирования, предназначенный для разработки высококонкурентных приложений, работающих на многопроцессорных системах.В данной части курса будут обзорно рассмотрены типовые задачи, возникающие перед разработчиком любого веб-сервиса и способы их решения на Go.Это курс предназначен для людей с опытом в веб-программировании. Если вы пишете на PHP/Python/Ruby/JS (Node.js) и хотите освоить Go - этот курс для вас.Начинающим программистам может быть немного сложно, т.к. в лекциях используется профессиональный жаргон (сленг), без детальных пояснений.Курс не рассчитан на людей без опыта программирования.;
In the first course of this specialization, we will recap what was covered in the  Machine Learning with TensorFlow on Google Cloud Platform Specialization (https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning-tensorflow-gcp).One of the best ways to review something is to work with the concepts and technologies that you have learned.So, this course is set up as a workshop and in this workshop, you will do End-to-End Machine Learning with TensorFlow on Google Cloud PlatformPrerequisites:Basic SQL, familiarity with Python and TensorFlow&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
This second course of the Blockchain specialization will help you design, code, deploy and execute a smart contract – the computational element of the blockchain technology. Smart contracts allow for implementing user-defined operations of arbitrary complexity that are not possible through plain cryptocurrency protocols. They allow users to implement conditions, rules and policies of the domain applications. Smart contracts are a powerful feature that, when properly designed and coded, can result in autonomous, efficient and transparent systems. You will design and program smart contracts in Solidity language, test and deploy them in the Remix development environment, and invoke them from a simple web interface that Remix provides. This course features best practices for designing solutions with smart contracts using Solidity and Remix IDE.Main concepts are delivered through videos, demos and hands-on exercises.;
Welcome to Unity’s Expert Gameplay Programming Specialization! This Specialization is test-prep for the Unity Certified Expert: Gameplay Programmer exam. This Specialization includes 5 courses designed to challenge you with a series of realistic programming problems in Unity video-game projects, the kind true gameplay programming experts face every day. Each challenge is inspired by one or more of the topics covered in the Expert Gameplay Programmer exam, and by the end of this Specialization you will have had extensive, guided practice in the programming skills needed to pass this exam.This Specialization is intended for industry game developers or very experienced Unity enthusiasts who are looking to “level-up” their gameplay programming and implementation strategies. You should have at least 2-3 years of experience developing games with Unity, be familiar with the full-game lifecycle (working from early concept to launch), creating and working with Prefabs, understanding game asset and animation pipelines, and have some experience with Unity Services. You should also have advanced programming skills, particularly in the C# language.;
It used to be the case that everyone viewed webpages on about the same size screen.  But with the explosion of the use of smartphones to access the Internet, the landscape of design has completely changed.  People viewing your site will now expect that it will perform regardless of the platform (smartphone, tablet, laptop, or desktop computer).  This ability to respond to any platform is called responsive design.This course will expand upon the basic knowledge of CSS3 to include topics such as wireframes, fluid design, media queries, and the use of existing styling paradigms such as Bootstrap.  After the course, learners will be able to:** Explain the mobile-first paradigm and the importance of wireframes in the design phase** Create sites that behave across a range of platforms** Utilize existing design frameworks such as BootstrapThis is the fourth course in the Web Design For Everybody specialization.  A basic understanding of HTML and CSS is expected when you enroll in this class. Additional courses focus on adding interactivity with the JavaScript Programming Language and completing a capstone project.;
In this course, learners will complete several VBA projects.  It is highly recommended that learners first take "Excel/VBA for Creative Problem Solving, Part 1" and "Excel/VBA for Creative Problem Solving, Part 2".  This course builds off of skills learned in those two courses.  This is a project-based course.  Therefore, the projects are quite open-ended and there are multiple ways to solve the problems.  Through the use of Peer Review, other learners will grade learners' projects based on a grading rubric.;
In the new world we live in, coding is a universally valuable skill, whether you're a scientist, artist, or a humanist. Algorithms are everywhere, and we all have to understand how they work. The C language is particularly well suited as an introduction to coding: It's a tried-and-true language, and it allows you to understand computing processes at a deep level. You will also get an introduction to more advanced programming in C++ in the final module. This is a continuation of C for Everyone: Fundamentals, which you should take before beginning this course. The time estimated time commitment for this course is five hours a week for five weeks.;
This course focuses on the concepts and tools behind reporting modern data analyses in a reproducible manner. Reproducible research is the idea that data analyses, and more generally, scientific claims, are published with their data and software code so that others may verify the findings and build upon them.  The need for reproducibility is increasing dramatically as data analyses become more complex, involving larger datasets and more sophisticated computations. Reproducibility allows for people to focus on the actual content of a data analysis, rather than on superficial details reported in a written summary. In addition, reproducibility makes an analysis more useful to others because the data and code that actually conducted the analysis are available. This course will focus on literate statistical analysis tools which allow one to publish data analyses in a single document that allows others to easily execute the same analysis to obtain the same results.;
This course will prepare you to complete all parts of the Clinical Data Science Specialization. In this course you will learn how clinical data are generated, the format of these data, and the ethical and legal restrictions on these data. You will also learn enough SQL and R programming skills to be able to complete the entire Specialization - even if you are a beginner programmer. While you are taking this course you will have access to an actual clinical data set and a free, online computational environment for data science hosted by our Industry Partner Google Cloud. At the end of this course you will be prepared to embark on your clinical data science education journey, learning how to take data created by the healthcare system and improve the health of tomorrow's patients.;
This course focuses on developing Python skills for assembling business data. It will cover some of the same material from Introduction to Accounting Data Analytics and Visualization, but in a more general purpose programming environment (Jupyter Notebook for Python), rather than in Excel and the Visual Basic Editor. These concepts are taught within the context of one or more accounting data domains (e.g., financial statement data from EDGAR, stock data, loan data, point-of-sale data).The first half of the course picks up where Introduction to Accounting Data Analytics and Visualization left off: using in an integrated development environment to automate data analytic tasks. We discuss how to manage code and share results within Jupyter Notebook, a popular development environment for data analytic software like Python and R. We then review some fundamental programming skills, such as mathematical operators, functions, conditional statements and loops using Python software. The second half of the course focuses on assembling data for machine learning purposes.  We introduce students to Pandas dataframes and Numpy for structuring and manipulating data. We then analyze the data using visualizations and linear regression. Finally, we explain how to use Python for interacting with SQL data.;
This project completer has proven a deep understanding on massive parallel data processing, data exploration and visualization, advanced machine learning and deep learning and how to apply his knowledge in a real-world practical use case where he justifies architectural decisions, proves understanding the characteristics of different algorithms, frameworks and technologies and how they impact model performance and scalability. Please note: You are requested to create a short video presentation at the end of the course. This is mandatory to pass. You don't need to share the video in public.;
Bringing a machine learning model into the real world involves a lot more than just modeling. This Specialization will teach you how to navigate various deployment scenarios and use data more effectively to train your model.In this third course, you’ll use a suite of tools in TensorFlow to more effectively leverage data and train your model. You’ll learn how to leverage built-in datasets with just a few lines of code, use APIs to control how you split your data, and process all types of unstructured data. This Specialization builds upon our TensorFlow in Practice Specialization. If you are new to TensorFlow, we recommend that you take the TensorFlow in Practice Specialization first. To develop a deeper, foundational understanding of how neural networks work, we recommend that you take the Deep Learning Specialization.;
Welcome to the fourth of five courses in the Cisco Networking Basics Specialization.In the first three courses of this specialization, you were focused on understanding how computer networks work and how to access the network. Now that you have a firm grasp of that, you can dive deeper into how do you actually build and secure a home network that includes lots of wireless devices. Wireless requires different configurations than a wired network. Both wireless and wired networks are susceptible to security threats and attacks. You will work through the different types of threats and attacks that typically occur and understand the different software tools that can be used to mitigate those security threats.At the end of this course, you will be able to:1. Build and secure a home wireless network.2. Connect and configure a home wireless router in order to provide a secure connection to the Internet.3. Describe different methods of connecting devices to a home network, including wired and wireless connections.4. Explain how Wi-Fi communication is implemented in a small LAN environment.5. Explain the inherent risks associated with wireless network connectivity.6. Implement the best practices for securing wireless network access, including methods for secure authentication and encryption.7. Describe common types of network security threats and attacks.8. Explain how software tools can mitigate network security threats.;
¡Le damos la bienvenida al curso de Introducción a la programación en java por objetos de la Universidad de los Andes!El propósito de este curso es ofrecerle un ambiente interactivo orientado a construir aprendizajes sobre el lenguaje de la programación en Java para la creación y manipulación de objetos. La estrategia pedagógica empleada es el aprendizaje activo basado en casos. Es un curso altamente interactivo que constantemente lo reta a responder preguntas, verificar su comprensión, ejercitarse en código, resolver casos en diferentes niveles y múltiples oportunidades para pasar de la teoría a la práctica con actividades formativas que le permitirán ganar puntos de experiencia, puntos de competencia y puntos de habilidad, con los cuales desarrollará habilidades de abstracción y de programación.Además, podrá utilizar dos aplicaciones web desarrolladas por la Universidad de los Andes que son novedosas e importantes para el desarrollo de  habilidades de programación:1. CupiExámenes: Software de ejercitación en código Java, que ofrece retroalimentación automática sobre la escritura  incorrecta del código y califica el proceso de programación es decir, le indica si el resultado está bien o mal, dónde se equivocó y por qué.2. CupiTips: Es otra aplicación web donde puede encontrar una lista de errores comunes que se cometen al programar en Java y le permite al estudiante corregirlos de manera que pueda aprender de ellos. La Universidad de los Andes está poniendo a su disposición y de forma gratuita estas aplicaciones, así como los libros que le permitirán nivelarse o aclarar algunos conceptos importantes, si así lo necesita para poder tomar este curso.Tenga en cuenta que el tiempo estimado para la realización de las actividades de cada módulo es de 14 horas en promedio. Usted puede invertir este tiempo en un periodo de 1 o 2 semanas por módulo, de acuerdo con sus posibilidades y necesidades educativas. Así mismo le recomendamos que desarrolle todas las actividades educativas en el orden propuesto, de manera que pueda sacar mejor provecho de este curso.;
В рамках специализации вы освоите основные методы работы с количественными данными, в том числе основы теории вероятностей и математической статистики, инструменты исследования связей между признаками, научитесь строить прогнозы на основе регрессионных моделей, сравнивать группы, выделять группы методами кластерного анализа, строить классификации, визуализировать данные, интерпретировать и представлять результаты статистического анализа. Вы примените эти методы на учебных примерах и сможете адаптировать их под специфику ваших данных и задач.В курсах специализации мы рассмотрим, как оценить связь условий труда и удовлетворенности работой, как спрогнозировать количество кликов на сайт компании, как разделить университеты на классы, как выявить стратегии поиска работы, как отличить геозависимую рубрику от геонезависимой, и множество других практических задач. Кроме того, мы научимся решать такие задачи в популярных средах анализа данных (SPSS и R).В заключительной части каждого курса вам предстоит выполнить проект на реальных данных, который позволит применить полученные знания на практике и продемонстрировать умение анализировать и представлять результаты анализа статистически и графически.Специализация разработана Новосибирским государственным университетом, одним из ведущих исследовательских университетов России и мира, совместно с 2GIS, известной международной технологической компанией, которая разрабатывает сервисы для комфортной жизни в городе.;
Case Studies: Analyzing Sentiment &amp, Loan Default PredictionIn our case study on analyzing sentiment, you will create models that predict a class (positive/negative sentiment) from input features (text of the reviews, user profile information,...).  In our second case study for this course, loan default prediction, you will tackle financial data, and predict when a loan is likely to be risky or safe for the bank. These tasks are an examples of classification, one of the most widely used areas of machine learning, with a broad array of applications, including ad targeting, spam detection, medical diagnosis and image classification. In this course, you will create classifiers that provide state-of-the-art performance on a variety of tasks.  You will become familiar with  the most successful techniques, which are most widely used in practice, including logistic regression, decision trees and boosting.  In addition, you will be able to design and implement the underlying algorithms that can learn these models at scale, using stochastic gradient ascent.  You will implement these technique on real-world, large-scale machine learning tasks.  You will also address significant tasks you will face in real-world applications of ML, including handling missing data and measuring precision and recall to evaluate a classifier.  This course is hands-on, action-packed, and full of visualizations and illustrations of how these techniques will behave on real data.  We've also included optional content in every module, covering advanced topics for those who want to go even deeper! Learning Objectives: By the end of this course, you will be able to:   -Describe the input and output of a classification model.   -Tackle both binary and multiclass classification problems.   -Implement a logistic regression model for large-scale classification.     -Create a non-linear model using decision trees.   -Improve the performance of any model using boosting.   -Scale your methods with stochastic gradient ascent.   -Describe the underlying decision boundaries.     -Build a classification model to predict sentiment in a product review dataset.     -Analyze financial data to predict loan defaults.   -Use techniques for handling missing data.   -Evaluate your models using precision-recall metrics.   -Implement these techniques in Python (or in the language of your choice, though Python is highly recommended).;
Este curso é indicado para profissionais que desejam entender de forma fácil o que é Big Data, conhecer algumas tecnologias de Big Data, ter acesso a algumas aplicações de Analytics, Internet das Coisas - IOT e de Big Data. Ao final do curso você será capaz de participar de um projeto de Big Data contribuindo com estratégias e direcionando o projeto para a escolha da adequada técnica de análise de dados.;
Курс знакомит слушателей с основными принципами работы со структурированными данными в реляционной модели, учит проектировать данные, описывать объекты базы данных в терминах реальной СУБД, составлять запросы на языке SQL, использовать представления, процедуры, функции и триггеры, создавать индексы, управлять конкурентным доступом к данным и манипулировать механизмом транзакций.Основу курса составляют изучение и применение языка SQL для создания, модификации объектов баз данных и управления данными в произвольной реляционной базе данных.Выполнение практических задач в рамках курса предполагает использование СУБД My SQL.В курсе рассматриваются этапы проектирования реляционных баз данных, правила составления запросов, основные методы индексирования данных. В курсе будут изучены вопросы использования транзакций и прав доступа к данным.Также курс дает обзор современных тенденций в области науки о данных в связи с появлением BigData. В заключении курса будут показаны сферы применения NoSQL баз данных и указаны современные подходы к обработке big data.;
This course will help lay the foundation of your healthcare data journey and provide you with knowledge and skills necessary to work in the healthcare industry as a data scientist. Healthcare is unique because it is associated with continually evolving and complex processes associated with health management and medical care. We'll learn about the many facets to consider in healthcare and determine the value and growing need for data analysts in healthcare. We'll learn about the Triple Aim and other data-enabled healthcare drivers. We'll cover different concepts and categories of healthcare data and describe how ontologies and related terms such as taxonomy and terminology organize concepts and facilitate computation. We'll discuss the common clinical representations of data in healthcare systems, including ICD-10, SNOMED, LOINC, drug vocabularies (e.g., RxNorm), and clinical data standards. We’ll discuss the various types of healthcare data and assess the complexity that occurs as you work with pulling in all the different types of data to aid in decisions. We will analyze various types and sources of healthcare data, including clinical, operational claims, and patient generated data as well as differentiate unstructured, semi-structured and structured data within health data contexts. We'll examine the inner workings of data and conceptual harmony  offer some solutions to the data integration problem by defining some important concepts, methods, and applications that are important to this domain.;
This course provides a rigorous introduction to the R programming language, with a  particular focus on using R for software development in a data science setting. Whether you are part of a data science team or working individually within a community of developers, this course will give you the knowledge of R needed to make useful contributions in those settings. As the first course in the Specialization, the course provides the essential foundation of R needed for the following courses. We cover basic R concepts and language fundamentals, key concepts like tidy data and related "tidyverse" tools, processing and manipulation of complex and large datasets, handling textual data, and basic data science tasks. Upon completing this course, learners will have fluency at the R console and will be able to create tidy datasets from a wide range of possible data sources.;
In this course, you will gain an understanding of the critical importance of user interface design. You will also learn industry-standard methods for how to approach the design of a user interface and key theories and frameworks that underlie the design of most interfaces you use today.Through a series of case studies on commercial systems - many of which you likely use on a regular basis - we will illustrate the benefits of good design. We will also demonstrate how the costs of bad design can often be severe (in user experience, money, and even human lives).You will then gain a high-level understanding of the user-interface design process. You will be introduced to common design scenarios - e.g. improving on existing designs and starting a new design from scratch - and the general design processes that tend to be used for each scenario.Finally, we will begin introducing the large body of existing knowledge on design by providing overviews of core user interface design theories and concepts. This key foundational information will help you avoid “reinventing the wheel” when you are designing your interfaces in this specialization.;
Did you ever want to build a web application?  Perhaps you even started down that path in a language like Java or C#, when you realized that there was so much “climbing the mountain” that you had to do? Maybe you have heard about web services being all the rage, but thought they were too complicated to integrate into your web application. Or maybe you wondered how deploying web applications to the cloud works, but there was too much to set up just to get going.In this course, we will explore how to build web applications with the Ruby on Rails web application framework, which is geared towards rapid prototyping.  Yes, that means building quickly! At the conclusion of this course, you will be able to build a meaningful web application and deploy it to the “cloud” using a Heroku PaaS (Platform as a Service). Best of all, it will almost feel effortless… Really! “But wait”, you will say, “there is no way that we can build a useful application if there is no database involved. You need the data for an application to be useful.” Great point! But what if… instead of getting the data from the database, we get it from the internet by tapping into one of the web services out there that readily provides data needed by our application? “Ok, but that’s probably very complicated”, you will say. Take this course and you will be pleasantly surprised at just how easy it is!;
This course aims to provide a succinct overview of the emerging discipline of Materials Informatics at the intersection of materials science, computational science, and information science. Attention is drawn to specific opportunities afforded by this new field in accelerating materials development and deployment efforts. A particular emphasis is placed on materials exhibiting hierarchical internal structures spanning multiple length/structure scales and the impediments involved in establishing invertible process-structure-property (PSP) linkages for these materials. More specifically, it is argued that modern data sciences (including advanced statistics, dimensionality reduction, and formulation of metamodels) and innovative cyberinfrastructure tools (including integration platforms, databases, and customized tools for enhancement of collaborations among cross-disciplinary team members) are likely to play a critical and pivotal role in addressing the above challenges.;
Software industry is going crazy on agile methods.  It is rapidly becoming the choice for software development where requirements are unpredictable or is expected to change over time. This course will help you gain knowledge on what is agile? Why agile is better suited for these situations?  We will also cover some of the most common agile frameworks like scrum and XP in depth.  Prerequisite: You need basic knowledge of software development process and software development methodologies. After completing this course, you will be able to :1) Demonstrate the ability to participate effectively in agile practices/process for software development.  2) Explain the purpose behind common agile practices.3) Ability to apply agile principles and values to a given situation.4) Ability to identify and address most common problems encountered in adopting Agile methods. Project: You will also be given opportunity to apply what you learn in this course.  You will be given fictional case studies, where after studying the case study, you will have to exercise some of the practices, techniques, etc that team members of an agile team members are expected to know.;
En este programa aprenderás a diseñar y a crear videojuegos en 2D y 3D y conocerás el mercado donde se moverán tus productos cuando estén acabados. Dominarás los principios del diseño y la arquitectura de los videojuegos, gestión de assets, animación y publicación. Adquirirás una visión práctica sobre la industria del videojuego, y examinarás estrategias efectivas de desarrollo de videojuegos. También explorarás temas avanzados como el desarrollo de shaders y la optimización de videojuegos. En el programa usarás el motor de videojuegos Unity y desarrollarás hasta tres prototipos de videojuegos, uno de ellos con tu idea original.;
The main goal of this specialization is to provide the knowledge and practical skills necessary to develop a strong foundation on information visualization and to design and develop advanced applications for visual data analysis.This course aims at introducing fundamental knowledge for information visualization. The main goal is to provide the students with the necessary “vocabulary” to describe visualizations in a way that helps them reason about what designs are appropriate for a given problem. This module also gives a broad overview of the field of visualization, introducing its goals, methods and applications.A learner with some or no previous knowledge in Information Visualization will get a sense of what visualization is, what it is for and in how many different situations it can be applied, will practice to describe data in a way that is useful for visualization design, will familiarize with fundamental charts to talk about the concept of visual encoding and decoding.;
At the end of the course, you will be able to:*Retrieve data from example database and big data management systems *Describe the connections between data management operations and the big data processing patterns needed to utilize them in large-scale analytical applications*Identify when a big data problem needs data integration*Execute simple big data integration and processing on Hadoop and Spark platformsThis course is for those new to data science.  Completion of Intro to Big Data is recommended.  No prior programming experience is needed, although the ability to install applications and utilize a virtual machine is necessary to complete the hands-on assignments.  Refer to the specialization technical requirements for complete hardware and software specifications.Hardware Requirements: (A) Quad Core Processor (VT-x or AMD-V support recommended), 64-bit, (B) 8 GB RAM, (C) 20 GB disk free. How to find your hardware information: (Windows): Open System by clicking the Start button, right-clicking Computer, and then clicking Properties, (Mac): Open Overview by clicking on the Apple menu and clicking “About This Mac.” Most computers with 8 GB RAM purchased in the last 3 years will meet the minimum requirements.You will need a high speed internet connection because you will be downloading files up to 4 Gb in size. Software Requirements: This course relies on several open-source software tools, including Apache Hadoop. All required software can be downloaded and installed free of charge (except for data charges from your internet provider). Software requirements include: Windows 7+, Mac OS X 10.10+, Ubuntu 14.04+ or CentOS 6+ VirtualBox 5+.;
Case Studies: Finding Similar DocumentsA reader is interested in a specific news article and you want to find similar articles to recommend.  What is the right notion of similarity?  Moreover, what if there are millions of other documents?  Each time you want to a retrieve a new document, do you need to search through all other documents?  How do you group similar documents together?  How do you discover new, emerging topics that the documents cover?   In this third case study, finding similar documents, you will examine similarity-based algorithms for retrieval.  In this course, you will also examine structured representations for describing the documents in the corpus, including clustering and mixed membership models, such as latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA).  You will implement expectation maximization (EM) to learn the document clusterings, and see how to scale the methods using MapReduce.Learning Outcomes:  By the end of this course, you will be able to:   -Create a document retrieval system using k-nearest neighbors.   -Identify various similarity metrics for text data.   -Reduce computations in k-nearest neighbor search by using KD-trees.   -Produce approximate nearest neighbors using locality sensitive hashing.   -Compare and contrast supervised and unsupervised learning tasks.   -Cluster documents by topic using k-means.   -Describe how to parallelize k-means using MapReduce.   -Examine probabilistic clustering approaches using mixtures models.   -Fit a mixture of Gaussian model using expectation maximization (EM).   -Perform mixed membership modeling using latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA).   -Describe the steps of a Gibbs sampler and how to use its output to draw inferences.   -Compare and contrast initialization techniques for non-convex optimization objectives.   -Implement these techniques in Python.;
This course gives you an overview of the current opportunities and the omnipresent reach of computational social science. The results are all around us, every day, reaching from the services provided by the world’s most valuable companies, over the hidden influence of governmental agencies, to the power of social and political movements. All of them study human behavior in order to shape it. In short, all of them do social science by computational means.In this course we answer three questions:I.    Why Computational Social Science (CSS) now? II.    What does CSS cover?III.    What are examples of CSS?In this last part, we take a bird’s-eye view on four main applications of CSS. First, Prof. Blumenstock from UC Berkeley discusses how we can gain insights by studying the massive digital footprint left behind today’s social interactions, especially to foster international development. Second, Prof. Shelton from UC Riverside introduces us to the world of machine learning, including the basic concepts behind this current driver of much of today's computational landscape. Prof. Fowler, from UC San Diego introduces us to the power of social networks, and finally, Prof. Smaldino, from UC Merced, explains how computer simulation help us to untangle some of the mysteries of social emergence.;
In this capstone, learners will apply their deep learning knowledge and expertise to a real world challenge.  They will use a library of their choice to develop and test a deep learning model. They will load and pre-process data for a real problem, build the model and validate it. Learners  will then present a project report to demonstrate the validity of their model and their proficiency in the field of Deep Learning.Learning Outcomes:•	determine what kind of deep learning method to use in which situation•	know how to build a deep learning model to solve a real problem •	master the process of creating  a deep learning pipeline •	apply knowledge of deep learning to improve models using real data•	demonstrate ability to present and communicate outcomes of deep learning projects;
The foundational knowledge for the position of an IBM z/OS System Programmer and System Administrator begins with this third and final course in the three course professional certificate track. This course provides hands-on labs to everyday z/OS tasks with JCL, JES, ISHELL and HFS, and z/OSMF. Topics covered include VSAM, z/OS System Libraries, the Language Environment, Generation Data Groups, RAIM, DB2, UNIX System Services, and USS File System.On successful completion of this course, the learners are eligible to claim the Basic System Programming on IBM Z badge. More information can be found here : https://www.youracclaim.com/org/ibm/badge/basic-system-programming-on-ibm-z;
Bringing a machine learning model into the real world involves a lot more than just modeling. This Specialization will teach you how to navigate various deployment scenarios and use data more effectively to train your model.In this final course, you’ll explore four different scenarios you’ll encounter when deploying models. You’ll be introduced to TensorFlow Serving, a technology that lets you do inference over the web. You’ll move on to TensorFlow Hub, a repository of models that you can use for transfer learning. Then you’ll use TensorBoard to evaluate and understand how your models work, as well as share your model metadata with others. Finally, you’ll explore federated learning and how you can retrain deployed models with user data while maintaining data privacy.This Specialization builds upon our TensorFlow in Practice Specialization. If you are new to TensorFlow, we recommend that you take the TensorFlow in Practice Specialization first. To develop a deeper, foundational understanding of how neural networks work, we recommend that you take the Deep Learning Specialization.;
In this course, you will examine how storytelling acts as a vital mechanism for driving video gameplay forward. Looking at several historical and contemporary games, you will be asked to evaluate and interpret different story styles with the goal of identifying themes and procedures for your own game ideas. We'll examine traditional narrative story processes, such as three-act structure, and how they fit into game story flows and the strategic elements of gameplay.  Ultimately, you will learn how to define character, setting, and structure to create a compelling game concept.;
The primary topics in this part of the specialization are: shortest paths (Bellman-Ford, Floyd-Warshall, Johnson), NP-completeness and what it means for the algorithm designer, and strategies for coping with computationally intractable problems (analysis of heuristics, local search).;
In this course, you'll learn how to manage big datasets, how to load them into clusters and cloud storage, and how to apply structure to the data so that you can run queries on it using distributed SQL engines like Apache Hive and Apache Impala. You’ll learn how to choose the right data types, storage systems, and file formats based on which tools you’ll use and what performance you need.By the end of the course, you will be able to• use different tools to browse existing databases and tables in big data systems,• use different tools to explore files in distributed big data filesystems and cloud storage,• create and manage big data databases and tables using Apache Hive and Apache Impala, and• describe and choose among different data types and file formats for big data systems.To use the hands-on environment for this course, you need to download and install a virtual machine and the software on which to run it. Before continuing, be sure that you have access to a computer that meets the following hardware and software requirements:• Windows, macOS, or Linux operating system (iPads and Android tablets will not work)• 64-bit operating system (32-bit operating systems will not work)• 8 GB RAM or more• 25GB free disk space or more• Intel VT-x or AMD-V virtualization support enabled (on Mac computers with Intel processors, this is always enabled,on Windows and Linux computers, you might need to enable it in the BIOS)• For Windows XP computers only: You must have an unzip utility such as 7-Zip or WinZip installed (Windows XP’s built-in unzip utility will not work);
In this course, we'll look at the object oriented patterns available in PHP. You'll learn how to connect to a MySQL using the Portable Data Objects (PDO) library and issue SQL commands in the the PHP language. We'll also look at how PHP uses cookies and manages session data. You'll learn how PHP avoids double posting data, how flash messages are implemented, and how to use a session to log in users in web applications. We'll then build the first 'complete' application that has multiple screens to Create, Read, Update and Delete (CRUD) our data. This brings all the previous concepts together and will form the basis for all later web applications.  It is assumed that learners have already taken the Building Web Applications course in this specialization.;
In this course, application developers learn how to design and develop cloud-native applications that seamlessly integrate managed services from the Google Cloud Platform. Through a combination of presentations, demos, and hands-on labs, participants learn how to create repeatable deployments by treating infrastructure as code, choose the appropriate application execution environment for an application, and debug/monitor application performance. Learners can choose to complete labs in their favorite language: Node.js, Java, or Python.Prerequisites and prework:• Completed Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals or have equivalent experience• Working knowledge of Node.js, Java, or Python• Basic proficiency with command-line tools and Linux operating system environments• Previous course(s) in the specialization;
This course is for students with SQL experience and now want to take the next step in gaining familiarity with distributed computing using Spark. Students will gain an understanding of when to use Spark and how Spark as an engine uniquely combines Data and AI technologies at scale. The four modules build on one another and by the end of the course the student will understand: Spark architecture, Spark DataFrame, optimizing reading/writing data, and how to build a machine learning model. The first module will introduce Spark, including how Spark works with distributed computing and what are Spark Dataframes. Module 2 covers the core concepts of Spark such as storage vs. computing, caching, partitions and Spark UI. The third module looks at Engineering Data Pipelines covering connecting to databases, schemas and type, file formats and writing good data. The final module looks at the application of Spark with Machine Learning through the business use case, a short introduction to what machine learning is, building and applying models and a final course conclusion. By understanding when to use Spark, either scaling out when the model or data is too large to process on a single machine, or having a need to simply speed up to get faster results, students will hone their SQL skills and become a more adept Data Scientist.;
You have a great idea for a game. Turning that idea into a reality isn't just about knowing the tools. In this course you will practice moving from game concept through design documentation, prototyping and testing. Numerous elements go into the overall process of game design. These range from topics such as idea generation, story, character, and game world development, game mechanics and level design, and user experience design. You will explore the process for designing meaningful experiences for your players. At the end of the course learners will have produced a game's high concept document, one page blueprint, a physical prototype, pitch and supporting design documentation to move from an idea in your head to a fleshed out design, ready for implementation.;
The Raspberry Pi is a small, affordable single-board computer that you will use to design and develop fun and practical IoT devices while learning programming and computer hardware. In addition, you will learn how to set up up the Raspberry Pi environment, get a Linux operating system running, and write and execute some basic Python code on the Raspberry Pi. You will also learn how to use Python-based IDE (integrated development environments) for the Raspberry Pi and how to trace and debug Python code on the device. Please note that this course does not include discussion forums.;
JavaScript — единственный язык программирования, который поддерживается всеми браузерами. Его знает любой веб-разработчик. Если вы собираетесь изучать JavaScript, этот курс — отличное начало.Вы освоите основы и научитесь писать простые программы.Авторы курса — разработчики из Яндекса. У курса есть продолжение.;
This course introduces you to the foundational knowledge in computer-aided design, manufacture, and the practical use of CNC machines. In this course we begin with the basics in Autodesk® Fusion 360™ CAD by learning how to properly sketch and model 3D parts.  Before we program any toolpaths, we’ll explore CNC machining basics to ensure we have the ground level foundational knowledge needed to effectively define toolpaths. Finally, we explore the basics of setting up a CAM program and defining toolpaths to cut simple geometry. This is the same basic process that gets repeated for the design and manufacture of any part and is a critical step in learning and understanding the process.Want to take your learning to the next level? Complete the Autodesk CAD/CAM for Manufacturing Specialization, and you’ll unlock an additional Autodesk Credential as further recognition of your success! The Autodesk Credential comes with a digital badge and certificate, which you can add to your resume and share on social media platforms like LinkedIn, Facebook, and Twitter. Sharing your Autodesk Credential can signal to hiring managers that you’ve got the right skills for the job and you’re up on the latest industry trends like generative design. Enroll in the Specialization here: https://www.coursera.org/specializations/autodesk-cad-cam-manufacturing;
With every smartphone and computer now boasting multiple processors, the use of functional ideas to facilitate parallel programming is becoming increasingly widespread. In this course, you'll learn the fundamentals of parallel programming, from task parallelism to data parallelism. In particular, you'll see how many familiar ideas from functional programming map perfectly to to the data parallel paradigm. We'll start the nuts and bolts how to effectively parallelize familiar collections operations, and we'll build up to parallel collections, a production-ready data parallel collections library available in the Scala standard library. Throughout, we'll apply these concepts through several hands-on examples that analyze real-world data, such as popular algorithms like k-means clustering.Learning Outcomes. By the end of this course you will be able to:- reason about task and data parallel programs,- express common algorithms in a functional style and solve them in parallel,- competently microbenchmark parallel code,- write programs that effectively use parallel collections to achieve performanceRecommended background: You should have at least one year programming experience. Proficiency with Java or C# is ideal, but experience with other languages such as C/C++, Python, Javascript or Ruby is also sufficient. You should have some familiarity using the command line. This course is intended to be taken after Functional Program Design in Scala: https://www.coursera.org/learn/progfun2.;
Introduction to Swift Programming is the first course in a four part specialization series that will provide you with the tools and skills necessary to develop an iOS App from scratch. By the end of this first course you will be able to demonstrate intermediate application of programming in Swift, the powerful new programming language for iOS. Guided by best practices you will become proficient with syntax, object oriented principles, memory management, functional concepts and more in programming with Swift. This course is unique in its dedication to teaching Swift programming. With new features and capabilities you will be at the forefront of writing iOS apps.Currently this course is taught using Swift 2. The team is aware of the release of Swift 3 and will be making edits to the course in time. Please be aware that at this time the instruction is entirely with Swift 2. Please note that to take part in this course (and the full specialization) it is required to have a Mac computer and, though not required, ideally an iPhone, iPod, or an iPad. NOTE: This course has been designed and tested (and content delivered) on a Mac. While we are aware of hacks and workarounds for running Mac in a virtual machine on windows we do not recommended a PC. We hope you have fun on this new adventure.;
For many years now, people have been improving their tools, studying the forces of nature and bringing them under control, using the energy of the nature to operate their machines. Last century is noted for the creation of machines which can operate other machines. Nowadays the creation of devices that interact with the physical world is available to anyone. Our course consists of a series of practical problems on making things that work independently: they make their own decisions, act, move, communicate with each other and people around, and control other devices. We will demonstrate how to assemble such devices and programme them using the Arduino platform as a basis.After this course, you will be able to create devices that read the data about the external world with a variety of sensors, receive and forward this data to a PC, the Internet and mobile devices, and control indexing and the movement. The creation of such devices will involve design, the study of their components, the assemblage of circuit boards, coding and diagnostics. Along with the creation of the devices themselves, you will perform visualization on a PC, create a web page that will demonstrate one of your devices, and figure out how an FDM 3D-printer is configured and how it functions.   Besides those keen on robotics or looking to broaden their horizons and develop their skills, the course will also be useful to anyone facing the task of home and industrial automation, as well as to anyone engaged in industrial design, advertising and art. The course does not require any special knowledge from the participants and is open even to students of upper secondary school. Programming skills and the level of English allowing to read technical documentation would be an advantage, but this is not obligatory.The entire course is dedicated to practice, so the best way for you would be to get hold of some electronics, follow the illustrated examples and experiment on your own.The kits can be purchased here: kits.cyberphysica.ru.Taught by: Alexey Perepelkin, head of Robotics department in the Laboratory of innovative educational technologies at MIPTTaught by: Dmitry Savitsky, researcher in the Laboratory of innovative educational technologies at MIPT;
Bem vindo ao curso de Introdução à Ciência da Computação destinado aos alunos regulares da Universidade de São Paulo!Esta é a segunda parte do Curso, onde você vai continuar a aprender os principais conceitos introdutórios de Ciência da Computação e também aprenderá a desenvolver pequenos programas na linguagem Python. Esta disciplina não possui pré-requisitos, não é esperado que você tenha qualquer experiência prévia em programação, ela exige apenas o conhecimento dos conceitos básicos de matemática do ensino fundamental. No entanto, você deve fazer a primeira parte do Curso (também disponível aqui no Coursera).O objetivo principal é desenvolver o raciocínio aplicado na formulação e resolução de problemas computacionais, ensinar como abordar e resolver problemas computacionais.O ato de programar é uma ferramenta útil para trabalhar o raciocínio mencionado acima, bem como tornar mais concretos outros conceitos comuns em ciência da computação.Ao término do curso, o aluno estará capacitado para escrever pequenos programas em Python e a continuar com estudos mais avançados sobre Python por conta própria usando material disponível na Web. Bom curso!=== Esse curso foi elaborado com o apoio dos Profs. José Coelho de Pina e Carlos Hitoshi Morimoto do Departamento de Ciência da Computação do IME-USP. Nelson Posse Lago, gerente técnico do CCSL-IME-USP, Antonio Abello, Athos Ribeiro e Yorah Bosse têm sido excelentes assistentes de ensino, ajudando a manter a qualidade do curso.;
In the final course, we'll tie together the concepts that you’ve learned up until now. You'll tackle real-world scenarios in Qwiklabs that will challenge you to use multiple skills at once.First, we'll take a closer look at how to use external Python modules to extend your code's capabilities, and spend some time learning how to use documentation to learn a new module. For example, we'll use the Python Image Library (PIL) to create and modify images. We'll show you some simple examples of how to perform common tasks in the course material, but it will be up to you to explore the module documentation to figure out how to solve specific problems.Next, we'll show you how to communicate with the world outside of your code! You'll use data serialization to turn in-memory objects into messages that can be sent to other programs. Your program will send messages across the network to Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) offered by other programs. For those times when your code needs to talk to a person instead of a program, you'll also learn to send email messages.At the end of this course, you’ll be able to take a description of a problem and use your skills to create a solution -- just like you would on the job. In your final capstone project, you'll be given a description of what your customer needs, and it will be up to you to create a program to do it!;
In this course you will explore concepts and approaches involved in creating successful character designs that can be applied to video games. Following a first week delving into some foundational concepts for successful character design, each of the remaining three weeks are structured as a master class where you will observe three professional character designers at work in the studio: Andy Ristaino (Adventure Time), Jacky Ke Jiang (Journey), and Robertryan Cory (SpongeBob SquarePants). Each designer will take on two different design challenges on the fly and address the various issues in designing characters for games, such as movement, expression, and technical limitations. At the end of each week you will have an opportunity to try out some of the concepts from that week's lesson on characters of your own design. This is a fun and engaging class especially useful for students interested in animation in film and TV as well as games, and is suitable for students of any drawing ability.;
Embedded Software and Hardware Architecture is a first dive into understanding embedded architectures and writing software to manipulate this hardware. You will gain experience writing low-level firmware to directly interface hardware with highly efficient, readable and portable design practices. We will now transition from the Host Linux Machine where we built and ran code in a simulated environment to an Integrated Development Environment where you will build and install code directly on your ARM Cortex-M4 Microcontroller. Course assignments include writing firmware to interact and configure both the underlying ARM architecture and the MSP432 microcontroller platform. The course concludes with a project where you will develop a circular buffer data structure. In this course you will need the Texas Instruments LaunchPad with the MSP432 microcontroller in order to complete the assignments. Later courses of the Specialization will continue to use this hardware tool to develop even more exciting firmware.;
Who is this course for?  This course is designed for students, business analysts, and data scientists who want to apply statistical knowledge and techniques to business contexts. For example, it may be suited to experienced statisticians, analysts, engineers who want to move more into a business role. You will find this course exciting and rewarding if you already have a background in statistics, can use R or another programming language and are familiar with databases and data analysis techniques such as regression, classification, and clustering.However, it contains a number of recitals and R Studio tutorials which will consolidate your competences, enable you to play more freely with data and explore new features and statistical functions in R.With this course, you’ll have a first overview on Strategic Business Analytics topics. We’ll discuss a wide variety of applications of Business Analytics. From Marketing to Supply Chain or Credit Scoring and HR Analytics, etc. We’ll cover many different data analytics techniques, each time explaining how to be relevant for your business.We’ll pay special attention to how you can produce convincing, actionable, and efficient insights. We'll also present you with different data analytics tools to be applied to different types of issues.By doing so, we’ll help you develop four sets of skills needed to leverage value from data: Analytics, IT, Business and Communication. By the end of this MOOC, you should be able to approach a business issue using Analytics by (1) qualifying the issue at hand in quantitative terms, (2) conducting relevant data analyses, and (3) presenting your conclusions and recommendations in a business-oriented, actionable and efficient way.Prerequisites : 1/ Be able to use R or to program 2/ To know the fundamentals of databases, data analysis (regression, classification, clustering)We give credit to Pauline Glikman, Albane Gaubert, Elias Abou Khalil-Lanvin (Students at ESSEC BUSINESS SCHOOL) for their contribution to this course design.;
Welcome to Logistic Regression in R for Public Health! Why logistic regression for public health rather than just logistic regression? Well, there are some particular considerations for every data set, and public health data sets have particular features that need special attention. In a word, they're messy. Like the others in the series, this is a hands-on course, giving you plenty of practice with R on real-life, messy data, with predicting who has diabetes from a set of patient characteristics as the worked example for this course. Additionally, the interpretation of the outputs from the regression model can differ depending on the perspective that you take, and public health doesn’t just take the perspective of an individual patient but must also consider the population angle. That said, much of what is covered in this course is true for logistic regression when applied to any data set, so you will be able to apply the principles of this course to logistic regression more broadly too. By the end of this course, you will be able to: Explain when it is valid to use logistic regression Define odds and odds ratios Run simple and multiple logistic regression analysis in R and interpret the output Evaluate the model assumptions for multiple logistic regression in R Describe and compare some common ways to choose a multiple regression model This course builds on skills such as hypothesis testing, p values, and how to use R, which are covered in the first two courses of the Statistics for Public Health specialisation. If you are unfamiliar with these skills, we suggest you review Statistical Thinking for Public Health and Linear Regression for Public Health before beginning this course. If you are already familiar with these skills, we are confident that you will enjoy furthering your knowledge and skills in Statistics for Public Health: Logistic Regression for Public Health. We hope you enjoy the course!;
Этот курс является продолжением курса "Основы разработки на C++: жёлтый пояс". Основная цель курса — научить писать на С++ эффективный код. Кроме того рассмотрены некоторые возможности С++, которые не попали в предыдущие курсы. В курсе рассмотрены:- макросы- шаблоны классов- принципы оптимизации кода- эффективное использование потоков ввода/вывода- оценки сложности алгоритмов- модель памяти в С++- эффективное использование линейных контейнеров (vector, deque, list, string)- move-семантика- введение в многопоточное программированиеКроме того, в курсе продемонстрировано, как, пользуясь знаниями только "Белого", "Жёлтого" и "Красного" поясов, разработать свой собственный профайлер.Так же, как и в предыдущих курсах, в конце вас ждёт финальный проект. Было бы странно в курсе от Яндекса не попросить вас создать свою поисковую систему! Именно этим вам и предстоит заняться в финальной задаче.Курс разработан ведущими специалистами Яндекса и преподавателями Школы анализа данных. За их плечами – годы разработки сервисов поиска, рекламы и инфраструктуры. Кроме того в подготовке заданий участвовали 1. Сотрудники Яндекса:    - Алексей Аверченко    - Даниил Петров    - Константин Меренков    - Алексей Зобнин2. Выпускники «Жёлтого пояса по С++»:    - Борис Егоров    - Ольга Марчевская3. Сотрудник Института проблем информатики РАН Олег ЯковлевВ создании урока  «Шаблоны классов» принимал участие преподаватель Белого и Жёлтого «поясов» Евгений Парамонов.;
Welcome to Motion Planning for Self-Driving Cars, the fourth course in University of Toronto’s Self-Driving Cars Specialization.This course will introduce you to the main planning tasks in autonomous driving, including mission planning, behavior planning and local planning.   By the end of this course, you will be able to find the shortest path over a graph or road network using Dijkstra's and the A* algorithm, use finite state machines to select safe behaviors to execute, and design optimal, smooth paths and velocity profiles to navigate safely around obstacles while obeying traffic laws.  You'll also build occupancy grid maps of static elements in the environment and learn how to use them for efficient collision checking. This course will give you the ability to construct a full self-driving planning solution, to take you from home to work while behaving like a typical driving and keeping the vehicle safe at all times.For the final project in this course, you will implement a hierarchical motion planner to navigate through a sequence of scenarios in the CARLA simulator, including avoiding a vehicle parked in your lane, following a lead vehicle and safely navigating an intersection.  You'll face real-world randomness and need to work to ensure your solution is robust to changes in the environment.This is an intermediate course, intended for learners with some background in robotics, and it builds on the models and controllers devised in Course 1 of this specialization. To succeed in this course, you should have programming experience in Python 3.0, and familiarity with Linear Algebra (matrices, vectors, matrix multiplication, rank, Eigenvalues and vectors and inverses) and calculus (ordinary differential equations, integration).;
Learn how advances in geospatial technology and analytical methods have changed how we do everything, and discover how to make maps and analyze geographic patterns using the latest tools.The past decade has seen an explosion of new mechanisms for understanding and using location information in widely-accessible technologies. This Geospatial Revolution has resulted in the development of consumer GPS tools, interactive web maps, and location-aware mobile devices. These radical advances are making it possible for people from all walks of life to use, collect, and understand spatial information like never before. This course brings together core concepts in cartography, geographic information systems, and spatial thinking with real-world examples to provide the fundamentals necessary to engage with Geography beyond the surface-level. We will explore what makes spatial information special, how spatial data is created, how spatial analysis is conducted, and how to design maps so that they’re effective at telling the stories we wish to share. To gain experience using this knowledge, we will work with the latest mapping and analysis software to explore geographic problems.;
We will learn computational methods -- algorithms and data structures -- for analyzing DNA sequencing data. We will learn a little about DNA, genomics, and how DNA sequencing is used.  We will use Python to implement key algorithms and data structures and to analyze real genomes and DNA sequencing datasets.;
This course is designed to quite literally ‘make a science’ out of something at the heart of society: social networks. Humans are natural network scientists, as we compute new network configurations all the time, almost unaware, when thinking about friends and family (which are particular forms of social networks), about colleagues and organizational relations (other, overlapping network structures), and about how to navigate delicate or opportunistic network configurations to save guard or advance in our social standing (with society being one big social network itself). While such network structures always existed, computational social science has helped to reveal and to study them more systematically. In the first part of the course we focus on network structure. This looks as static snapshots of networks, which can be intricate and reveal important aspects of social systems. In our hands-on lab, you will also visualize and analyze a network with a software yourself, which will help to appreciate the complexity social networks can take on. During the second part of the course, we will look at how networks evolve in time. We ask how we can predict what kind of network will form and if and how we could influence network dynamics.;
Interested in learning how to solve partial differential equations with numerical methods and how to turn them into python codes? This course provides you with a basic introduction how to apply methods like the finite-difference method, the pseudospectral method, the linear and spectral element method to the 1D (or 2D) scalar wave equation. The mathematical derivation of the computational algorithm is accompanied by python codes embedded in Jupyter notebooks. In a unique setup you can see how the mathematical equations are transformed to a computer code and the results visualized. The emphasis is on illustrating the fundamental mathematical ingredients of the various numerical methods (e.g., Taylor series, Fourier series, differentiation, function interpolation, numerical integration) and how they compare. You will be provided with strategies how to ensure your solutions are correct, for example benchmarking with analytical solutions or convergence tests. The mathematical aspects are complemented by a basic introduction to wave physics, discretization, meshes, parallel programming, computing models. The course targets anyone who aims at developing or using numerical methods applied to partial differential equations and is seeking a practical introduction at a basic level. The methodologies discussed are widely used in natural sciences,  engineering, as well as economics and other fields.;
This course teaches learners (industry professionals and students) the fundamental concepts of concurrent programming in the context of Java 8.   Concurrent programming enables developers to efficiently and correctly mediate the use of shared resources in parallel programs.  By the end of this course, you will learn how to use basic concurrency constructs in Java such as threads, locks, critical sections, atomic variables, isolation, actors, optimistic concurrency and concurrent collections, as well as their theoretical foundations (e.g., progress guarantees, deadlock, livelock, starvation, linearizability).Why take this course?•	It is important for you to be aware of the theoretical foundations of concurrency to avoid common but subtle programming errors. •	Java 8 has modernized many of the concurrency constructs since the early days of threads and locks.•	During the course, you will have online access to the instructor and mentors to get individualized answers to your questions posted on the forums.•	Each of the four modules in the course includes an assigned mini-project that will provide you with the necessary hands-on experience to use the concepts learned in the course on your own, after the course ends.The desired learning outcomes of this course are as follows:•	Concurrency theory: progress guarantees, deadlock, livelock, starvation, linearizability•	Use of threads and structured/unstructured locks in Java•	Atomic variables and isolation•	Optimistic concurrency and concurrent collections in Java (e.g., concurrent queues, concurrent  hashmaps)•	Actor model in JavaMastery of these concepts will enable you to immediately apply them in the context of concurrent Java programs, and will also help you master other concurrent programming system that you may encounter in the future  (e.g., POSIX threads, .NET threads).;
This course is the culmination of the Graphic Design Specialization and gives you an opportunity to tie together your knowledge and skills into a single project: a brand development guide for a company you will invent.This course takes you through the entire design process, from ideation to creation to presentation. Through the guide, you will be creating and giving a visual identity to an imaginary start-up company, and applying that visual identity to a number of forms. You will also develop a logotype and accompanying graphic palette to visually represent your company, as well as apply that design to a number of different applications to see it at work.Note: Only learners who have earned a certificate in the four previous courses in the Specialization are eligible to take the Capstone.;
Not all programs are created equal.  In this course, we'll focus on writing quality code that runs correctly and efficiently.  We'll design, code and validate our programs and learn how to compare programs that are addressing the same task.;
Over-utilization of market and accounting data over the last few decades has led to portfolio crowding, mediocre performance and systemic risks, incentivizing financial institutions which are looking for an edge to quickly adopt alternative data as a substitute to traditional data. This course introduces the core concepts around alternative data, the most recent research in this area, as well as practical portfolio examples and actual applications. The approach of this course is somewhat unique because while the theory covered is still a main component, practical lab sessions and examples of working with alternative datasets are also key. This course is fo you if you are aiming at carreers prospects as a data scientist in financial markets, are looking to enhance your analytics skillsets to the financial markets, or if you are interested in cutting-edge technology and research as  they apply to big data. The required background is: Python programming, Investment theory , and Statistics. This course will enable you to learn new data and research techniques applied to the financial markets while strengthening data science and python skills.;
Want to understand your data network structure and how it changes under different conditions? Curious to know how to identify closely interacting clusters within a graph? Have you heard of the fast-growing area of graph analytics and want to learn more? This course gives you a broad overview of the field of graph analytics so you can learn new ways to model, store, retrieve and analyze graph-structured data.After completing this course, you will be able to model a problem into a graph database and perform analytical tasks over the graph in a scalable manner.  Better yet, you will be able to apply these techniques to understand the significance of your data sets for your own projects.;
В машинном обучении встречаются задачи, где нужно изучить структуру данных, найти в них скрытые взаимосвязи и закономерности. Например, нам может понадобиться описать каждого клиента банка с помощью меньшего количества переменных — для этого можно использовать методы понижения размерности, основанные на матричных разложениях. Такие методы пытаются сформировать новые признаки на основе старых, сохранив как можно больше информации в данных. Другим примером может служить задача тематического моделирования, в которой для набора текстов нужно построить модель, объясняющую процесс формирования этих текстов из небольшого количества тем.Такие задачи назвают обучением без учителя. В отличие от обучения с учителем, в них не предполагают восстановление зависимости между объектами и целевой переменной. Из этого курса вы узнаете об алгоритмах кластеризации данных, с помощью которых, например, можно искать группы схожих клиентов мобильного оператора. Вы научитесь строить матричные разложения и решать задачу тематического моделирования, понижать размерность данных, искать аномалии и визуализировать многомерные данные.Видео курса разработаны на Python 2. Задания и ноутбуки к ним адаптированы к Python 3.;
Solve real world problems with Java using multiple classes. Learn how to create programming solutions that scale using Java interfaces. Recognize that software engineering is more than writing code - it also involves logical thinking and design. By the end of this course you will have written a program that analyzes and sorts earthquake data, and developed a predictive text generator.After completing this course, you will be able to:1. Use sorting appropriately in solving problems,2. Develop classes that implement the Comparable interface,3. Use timing data to analyze empirical performance,4. Break problems into multiple classes, each with their own methods,5. Determine if a class from the Java API can be used in solving a particular problem,6. Implement programming solutions using multiple approaches and recognize tradeoffs,7. Use object-oriented concepts including interfaces and abstract classes when developing programs,8. Appropriately hide implementation decisions so they are not visible in public methods, and9. Recognize the limitations of algorithms and Java programs in solving problems.10. Recognize standard Java classes and idioms including exception-handling, static methods, java.net, and java.io packages.;
This course (The English copy of "用Python玩转数据" &lt,https://www.coursera.org/learn/hipython/home/welcome&gt,)  is mainly for non-computer majors. It starts with the basic syntax of Python, to how to acquire data in Python locally and from network, to how to present data, then to how to conduct basic and advanced statistic analysis and visualization of data, and finally to how to design a simple GUI to present and process data, advancing level by level. This course, as a whole, based on Finance data and through the establishment of popular cases one after another, enables learners to more vividly feel the simplicity, elegance, and robustness of Python. Also, it discusses the fast, convenient and efficient data processing capacity of Python in humanities and social sciences fields like literature, sociology and journalism and science and engineering fields like mathematics and biology, in addition to business fields. Similarly, it may also be flexibly applied into other fields.The course has been updated. Updates in the new version are : 1) the whole course has moved from Python 2.x to Python 3.x 2) Added manual webpage fetching and parsing. Web API is also added. 3) Improve the content order and enrich details of some content especially for some practice projects.Note: videos are in Chinese (Simplified) with English subtitles. All other materials are in English.;
This is the first course in the four-course specialization Python Data Products for Predictive Analytics, introducing the basics of reading and manipulating datasets in Python. In this course, you will learn what a data product is and go through several Python libraries to perform data retrieval, processing, and visualization. This course will introduce you to the field of data science and prepare you for the next three courses in the Specialization: Design Thinking and Predictive Analytics for Data Products, Meaningful Predictive Modeling, and Deploying Machine Learning Models. At each step in the specialization, you will gain hands-on experience in data manipulation and building your skills, eventually culminating in a capstone project encompassing all the concepts taught in the specialization.;
Курс возводит слушателя от написания простых конкретных классов к профессиональному конструированию приложения в объектно-ориентированной парадигме. Паттерны проектирования позволяют шагнуть за пределы простого использования синтаксических конструкций языка. Вы научитесь писать красиво и элегантно, будете использовать проверенные временем концепции и создавать масштабируемые программы. Использование паттернов проектирования является признаком профессионализма программиста.	Классические книги по паттернам проектирования описывают их реализацию на C++, C#, Java. У языка Python есть своя специфика из-за которой он отлично подходит для использования паттернов проектирования.;
Data analysis has replaced data acquisition as the bottleneck to evidence-based decision making --- we are drowning in it.  Extracting knowledge from large, heterogeneous, and noisy datasets requires not only powerful computing resources, but the programming abstractions to use them effectively.  The abstractions that emerged in the last decade blend ideas from parallel databases, distributed systems, and programming languages to create a new class of scalable data analytics platforms that form the foundation for data science at realistic scales.In this course, you will learn the landscape of relevant systems, the principles on which they rely, their tradeoffs, and how to evaluate their utility against your requirements. You will learn how practical systems were derived from the frontier of research in computer science and what systems are coming on the horizon.   Cloud computing, SQL and NoSQL databases, MapReduce and the ecosystem it spawned, Spark and its contemporaries, and specialized systems for graphs and arrays will be covered.You will also learn the history and context of data science, the skills, challenges, and methodologies the term implies, and how to structure a data science project.  At the end of this course, you will be able to:Learning Goals: 1. Describe common patterns, challenges, and approaches associated with data science projects, and what makes them different from projects in related fields.2. Identify and use the programming models associated with scalable data manipulation, including relational algebra, mapreduce, and other data flow models.3. Use database technology adapted for large-scale analytics, including the concepts driving parallel databases, parallel query processing, and in-database analytics4. Evaluate key-value stores and NoSQL systems, describe their tradeoffs with comparable systems, the details of important examples in the space, and future trends.5. “Think” in MapReduce to effectively write algorithms for systems including Hadoop and Spark.  You will understand their limitations, design details, their relationship to databases, and their associated ecosystem of algorithms, extensions, and languages.write programs in Spark6. Describe the landscape of specialized Big Data systems for graphs, arrays, and streams;
Introduction to Cloud Identity serves as the starting place for any new Cloud Identity, Identity/Access Management/Mobile Device Management admins as they begin their journey of managing and establishing security and access management best practices for their organization.  This 15-30 hour accelerated, one-week course will leave you feeling confident to utilize the basic functions of the Admin Console to manage users, control access to services, configure common security settings, and much more.Through a series of introductory lessons, step-by-step hands-on exercises, Google knowledge resources, and knowledge checks, learners can expect to leave this training with all of the skills they need to get started as new Cloud Identity Administrators.Learning ObjectivesBy the end of this course participants will be able to:• Establish a Cloud Identity domain for their organization or personal domain. • Add users in order to practice user lifecycle management.• Modify user permissions to gain an understanding of core Cloud Identity features.• Add mobile devices within the Google Mobile Management module.• Modify mobile management policy sets to gain familiarity with product options.• Navigate the Reports module, and practice running reports.• Explore and apply different security protocols to the domain.PrerequisitesTo get the most out of this training course, learners should be prepared to: • Sign up for a free 14 day trial of Cloud Identity.  You will need to enter payment method information.  We will show you step-by-step how to cancel your account if you wish to end your Cloud Identity instance at the end of training and avoid being charged.• Use an existing domain or purchase a new domain through (if you do not have an existing domain, we will walk you through purchasing a domain through Google).;
We invite you to a fascinating journey into Graph Theory — an area which connects the elegance of painting and the rigor of mathematics,  is simple, but not unsophisticated. Graph Theory gives us, both an easy way to pictorially represent many major mathematical results, and insights into the deep theories behind them. In this course, among other intriguing applications, we will see how GPS systems find shortest routes, how engineers design integrated circuits, how biologists assemble genomes, why a political map can always be colored using a few colors. We will study Ramsey Theory which proves that in a large system, complete disorder is impossible! By the end of the course, we will implement an algorithm which finds an optimal assignment of students to schools. This algorithm, developed by David Gale and Lloyd S. Shapley, was later recognized by the conferral of Nobel Prize in Economics.As prerequisites we assume only basic math (e.g., we expect you to know what is a square or how to add fractions), basic programming in python (functions, loops, recursion), common sense and curiosity. Our intended audience are all people that work or plan to work in IT, starting from motivated high school students.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
This course provides you with an understanding of what Enterprise Systems (also commonly termed as Enterprise Resource Planning Systems, ERPs) are. After learning about what these systems are, we would touch upon why these systems are useful to companies, through which you would get to see the various jobs and positions that are associated with the use and deployment of ERPs. In this course, you would also develop an appreciation of the managerial aspects related to the selection and implementation of ERPs. Specifically, we would touch on the important points to consider when shortlisting and purchasing an ERP, the approaches taken in ERP implementation, and change management techniques to utilize when an organization is undergoing ERP implementation. At the end of this class, you will be endowed with practical knowledge that would help you to address real world business problems associated with ERP usage and implementation.;
Optimization is a common form of decision making, and is ubiquitous in our society. Its applications range from solving Sudoku puzzles to arranging seating in a wedding banquet.  The same technology can schedule planes and their crews, coordinate the production of steel, and organize the transportation of iron ore from the mines to the ports. Good decisions in manpower and material resources management also allow corporations to improve profit by millions of dollars.  Similar problems also underpin much of our daily lives and are part of determining daily delivery routes for packages, making school timetables, and delivering power to our homes. Despite their fundamental importance, all of these problems are a nightmare to solve using traditional undergraduate computer science methods.This course is intended for students interested in tackling all facets of optimization applications. You will learn an entirely new way to think about solving these challenging problems by stating the problem in a state-of-the-art high level modeling language, and letting library constraint solving software do the rest. This will allow you to unlock the power of industrial solving technologies, which have been perfected over decades by hundreds of PhD researchers.  With access to this advanced technology, problems that are considered inconceivable to solve before will suddenly become easy.Watch the course promotional video here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hc3cBvtrem0&amp,t=8s;
¿Alguna vez pensaste en crear tus propios juegos de computadora, pero no tenías idea cómo hacerlo o por dónde comenzar? Este curso te enseñará a programar utilizando Scratch, un lenguaje de programación visual muy fácil de usar, y más importante aún, aprenderás los principios fundamentales de la computación para que comiences a pensar como ingeniero/a de software.;
The capstone will develop a professional-quality web portfolio.  Students will demonstrate the ability to design and implement a responsive site for a minimum of three platforms.  Adherence to validation and accessibility standards will be required. The evolving student implementations will be reviewed each week by capstone peers and teaching assistants to make sure that the student keeps up with the agenda of the course. Upon completion of this course students will feel comfortable creating and/or updating existing front-end sites, utilizing existing frameworks, and testing sites for accessibility compliance.This course is only open to students who have completed the first four courses in the Web Design for Everybody specialization: Introduction to HTML5, Introduction to CSS3, Interactivity with JavaScript, and Advanced Styling with Responsive Design.;
Data science — одна из самых горячих областей на сегодняшний день, а Python — один из самых популярных инструментов для анализа данных. В этом курсе вы узнаете, как применять свои навыки программирования для построения предиктивных моделей, визуализации данных и работы с нейросетями.Курс ориентирован на практику и позволит вам сразу приступить к работе с данными и построению моделей.;
This course introduces you to the principles of secure programming. It begins by discussing the philosophy and principles of secure programming, and then presenting robust programming and the relationship between it and secure programming. We'll go through a detailed example of writing robust code and we'll see many common programming problems and show their connection to writing robust, secure programs in general. We’ll examine eight design principles that govern secure coding and how to apply them to your own work. We’ll discuss how poor design choices drive implementation in coding. We’ll differentiate between informal, formal, and ad hoc coding methods. Throughout, methods for improving the security and robustness of your programs will be emphasized and you will have an opportunity to practice these concepts through various lab activities. A knowledge of the C programming language is helpful, but not required to participate in the lab exercises.;
This two-part course is designed to help students with very little or no computing background learn the basics of building simple interactive applications. Our language of choice, Python, is an easy-to learn, high-level computer language that is used in many of the computational courses offered on Coursera. To make learning Python easy, we have developed a new browser-based programming environment that makes developing interactive applications in Python simple. These applications will involve windows whose contents are graphical and respond to buttons, the keyboard and the mouse.In part 2 of this course, we will introduce more elements of programming (such as list, dictionaries, and loops) and then use these elements to create games such as Blackjack.  Part 1 of this class will culminate in building a version of the classic arcade game "Asteroids".  Upon completing this course, you will be able to write small, but interesting Python programs.  The next course in the specialization will begin to introduce a more principled approach to writing programs and solving computational problems that will allow you to write larger and more complex programs.;
Welcome to Core Interaction Programming, the first course in the Unity Certified Programmer Specialization from Unity Technologies.This course will help you prepare for the Unity Certified Programmer exam, the professional certification for entry to mid-level Unity programmers. Unity is used to create real-time 3D applications for many industries, including video games, automotive, film, training, and more. In this course, you will be challenged to solve realistic Unity programming problems that are aligned to topics covered on the exam. Throughout the first course, you will build the foundation for a 2D action video game: AsteraX. In doing so, you will practice many of the skills covered in the exam, including evaluating scripting needs from a project requirements document, implementing the three "C's" of an interactive applications (Character, Controls, Camera), providing user feedback through basic UI elements, and applying professional programming practices like developer testing.This is an intermediate course, intended for people who are ready for their first paying roles as Unity programmers, or enthusiasts who would like to verify their skills against a professional standard. To succeed, you should have at least 1-2 years of experience programming interactive applications in Unity. You should be proficient at programming in the C# language and familiar with Unity's scripting APIs. You should have experience in the full product development lifecycle, from concept to launch (and beyond). And you should understand multi-platform development, including deploying applications to XR (AR and VR) platforms.;
A data product is the production output from a statistical analysis. Data products automate complex analysis tasks or use technology to expand the utility of a data informed model, algorithm or inference. This course covers the basics of creating data products using Shiny, R packages, and interactive graphics. The course will focus on the statistical fundamentals of creating a data product that can be used to tell a story about data to a mass audience.;
In this course you will learn how to apply concepts from interaction design and human computer interaction in order to design and build an interactive, professional looking website. You will learn how to make your web page designs adapt to different screen sizes using responsive grid layouts. You will learn how to add navigation and other design elements, and you will learn how to separate data and display using JavaScript objects and templates. At the end of the course, you will be able to:1. Explain why users need to know where they are, where they can go and what is on a web page2. Create wireframe mockups of web pages 3. Identify the key functional elements of web pages4. Use Bootstrap components to realise page designs5. Use JavaScript data structures such as arrays and objects to define the data used in a web page6. Use the Handlebars template library to convert data to HTML 7. Add interactivity to templates using JavaScript event listenersIn this course, you will complete:1 website design assignment taking ~1 hour to complete1 programming assignment taking ~1 hour to complete4 quizzes, each taking ~20 minutes to completemultiple practice quizzes, each taking ~5 minutes to completeParticipation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for University of London programmes.;
Влияет ли знание методов анализа данных на уровень заработной платы? Работает ли система оценки кредитоспособности клиентов банка? Действительно ли новый баннер лучше старого? Чтобы ответить на такие вопросы, нужно собрать данные. Данные почти всегда содержат шум, поэтому утверждения, которые можно сделать на их основе, верны не всегда, а только с определённой вероятностью. Строить наиболее корректные выводы и численно оценивать степень уверенности в них помогают методы статистики. Как можно оценивать неизвестные параметры системы по небольшому количеству наблюдений? Как измерить точность таких оценок? Какие данные нужны, чтобы ответить на ваш вопрос, и на какие вопросы можно ответить с помощью уже имеющихся данных? Вы узнаете все, что нужно для успешного превращения данных в выводы — организация экспериментов, A/B-тестирование, универсальные методы оценки параметров и проверки гипотез, корреляции и причинно-следственные связи.Видео курса разработаны на Python 2. Задания и ноутбуки к ним адаптированы к Python 3.;
You may have heard a lot about genome sequencing and its potential to usher in an era of personalized medicine, but what does it mean to sequence a genome?Biologists still cannot read the nucleotides of an entire genome as you would read a book from beginning to end. However, they can read short pieces of DNA. In this course, we will see how graph theory can be used to assemble genomes from these short pieces. We will further learn about brute force algorithms and apply them to sequencing mini-proteins called antibiotics. In the first half of the course, we will see that biologists cannot read the 3 billion nucleotides of a human genome as you would read a book from beginning to end.  However, they can read shorter fragments of DNA. In this course, we will see how graph theory can be used to assemble genomes from these short pieces in what amounts to the largest jigsaw puzzle ever put together.In the second half of the course, we will discuss antibiotics, a topic of great relevance as antimicrobial-resistant bacteria like MRSA are on the rise.  You know antibiotics as drugs, but on the molecular level they are short mini-proteins that have been engineered by bacteria to kill their enemies.  Determining the sequence of amino acids making up one of these antibiotics is an important research problem, and one that is similar to that of sequencing a genome by assembling tiny fragments of DNA.  We will see how brute force algorithms that try every possible solution are able to identify naturally occurring antibiotics so that they can be synthesized in a lab.Finally, you will learn how to apply popular bioinformatics software tools to sequence the genome of a deadly Staphylococcus bacterium that has acquired antibiotics resistance.;
An introduction to the statistics behind the most popular genomic data science projects. This is the sixth course in the Genomic Big Data Science Specialization from Johns Hopkins University.;
The course aims at helping students to be able to solve practical ML-amenable problems that they may encounter in real life that include: (1) understanding where the problem one faces lands on a general landscape of available ML methods, (2) understanding which particular ML approach(es) would be most appropriate for resolving the problem, and (3) ability to successfully implement a solution, and assess its performance.  A learner with some or no previous knowledge of Machine Learning (ML)  will get to know main algorithms of Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, and Reinforcement Learning, and will be able to use ML open source Python packages to design, test, and implement ML algorithms in Finance.Fundamentals of Machine Learning in Finance will provide more at-depth view of supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement learning, and end up in a project on using unsupervised learning for implementing a simple portfolio trading strategy.The course is designed for three categories of students:Practitioners working at financial institutions such as banks, asset management firms or hedge fundsIndividuals interested in applications of ML for personal day tradingCurrent full-time students pursuing a degree in Finance, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or other related disciplines who want to learn about practical applications of ML in Finance  Experience with Python (including numpy, pandas, and IPython/Jupyter notebooks), linear algebra, basic probability theory and basic calculus is necessary to complete assignments in this course.;
;
NaN;
This course will continue the introduction to Python programming that started with Python Programming Essentials and Python Data Representations.  We'll learn about reading, storing, and processing tabular data, which are common tasks.  We will also teach you about CSV files and Python's support for reading and writing them.  CSV files are a generic, plain text file format that allows you to exchange tabular data between different programs. These concepts and skills will help you to further extend your Python programming knowledge and allow you to process more complex data.By the end of the course, you will be comfortable working with tabular data in Python. This will extend your Python programming expertise, enabling you to write a wider range of scripts using Python.This course uses Python 3.  While most Python programs continue to use Python 2, Python 3 is the future of the Python programming language. This course uses basic desktop Python development environments, allowing you to run Python programs directly on your computer.;
Whether being used to customize advertising to millions of website visitors or streamline inventory ordering at a small restaurant, data is becoming more integral to success. Too often, we’re not sure how use data to find answers to the questions that will make us more successful in what we do. In this course, you will discover what data is and think about what questions you have that can be answered by the data – even if you’ve never thought about data before. Based on existing data, you will learn to develop a research question, describe the variables and their relationships, calculate basic statistics, and present your results clearly. By the end of the course, you will be able to use powerful data analysis tools – either SAS or Python – to manage and visualize your data, including how to deal with missing data, variable groups, and graphs. Throughout the course, you will share your progress with others to gain valuable feedback, while also learning how your peers use data to answer their own questions.;
Современная жизнь немыслима без web-сервисов, ежедневно приносящих дивиденды в самых разных областях человеческой деятельности. А значит, профессия web-разработчика еще долго будет оставаться высокооплачиваемой и востребованной на рынке IT-специалистов. Существует множество решений и инструментов на разных языках программирования, упрощающих и ускоряющих web-разработку. В рамках данного курса освещается построение web-приложений на языке Python.Курс читают разработчики, применяющие Python в проектах, которыми ежедневно используют миллионы людей. В данном курсе вы сможете приобрести как базовые знания о функционировании современного интернета в целом, так и практические навыки создания интернет-приложений на языке Python.;
Ce cours initie aux bases de la programmation en utilisant le langage Java : variables, boucles, fonctions, ...Il ne présuppose pas de connaissance préalable. Les aspects plus avancés (programmation orientée objet) sont donnés dans un cours suivant, «Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en Java)». Il s'appuie  sur de nombreux éléments pédagogiques : vidéos sous-titrées, quizz dans et hors vidéos, exercices, devoirs notés automatiquement, notes de cours.;
Эконометрика – наука, позволяющая исследовать закономерности в реальных данных. К концу курса мы научимся отвечать на два вопроса. Как одна переменная, y, зависит от другой переменной, x? Как спрогнозировать переменную y?Мы будем подробно изучать линейные регрессионные модели,  рассмотрим наиболее частые отклонения от предпосылок классической линейной регрессии. Изучим базовые модели (логит и пробит) для качественных зависимых переменных. Наряду с теоретической основой мы будем работать с реальными данными, используя статистический пакет R.Необходимые знания:Теория вероятностей и математическая статистика.Линейная алгебра опционально.Появились технические трудности? Обращайтесь на адрес: coursera@hse.ru;
Este curso te dará ágil acceso a los conceptos básicos de programación utilizando el lenguaje de programación Python en su versión 3.0. Python tiene una sintaxis sencilla y compacta. Esto te permitirá aplicar rápidamente los conceptos aprendidos en los distintos aspectos de tu vida.Una vez que completes este curso, podrás construir pequeños programas que te ayuden en tu trabajo y estarás preparado para tomar cursos de programación más avanzados. El curso no requiere conocimientos previos de programación y utiliza sólo matemática básica. Cualquier persona con un manejo de informática moderado podrá ser capaz de dominar los materiales que se presentarán. Utilizaremos como bibliografía el libro “El Tutorial de Python” de Guido Van Rossum, el creador de Python.;
¡Aprende lo mejor de Java para el desarrollo en Android! Descubre lo necesario para construir tus aplicaciones móviles de una forma sencilla, objetiva y práctica.A lo largo del curso, verás diversos ejemplos para crear tu primer Hola Mundo y practicarás la programación orientada a objetos.;
The Raspberry Pi uses a variety of input/output devices based on protocols such as HDMI, USB, and Ethernet to communicate with the outside world. In this class you will learn how to use these protocols with other external devices (sensors, motors, GPS, orientation, LCD screens etc.) to get your IoT device to interact with the real world. Most physical devices use analog signals,  however computer hardware is digital so in this class you will learn how these signals are converted back-and-forth and how this must be considered as you program your device. The basic design of a sensor-actuator system will also be covered. You will also learn how to build more sophisticated hardware systems using Raspberry Pi expansion boards to create fun and exciting IoT devices. Please note that this course does not include discussion forums.;
This course gives an overview of the changing regulatory environment since the 1997 Asian and 2008 global financial crisis. Following these two major crises, governments around the globe enacted a set of far-reaching new financial regulations that are aimed towards safeguarding financial stability. However, banks find it increasingly difficult to be profitable in this new regulatory environment. Technology, at the same time, has taken important leaps forward with the emergence of sophisticated models of artificial intelligence and the invention of the blockchain. These two developments fuel the emergence of fintech companies around the world. This course discusses fintech regulation in emerging markets using case studies from China and South Africa. The course pays special attention to the socioeconomic environment in emerging markets, as well as to political risk as a major source of uncertainty for fintech entrepreneurs. Peer-to-peer lending and remittances are used as leading examples for fintech innovation in emerging markets.;
This fourth course of the Blockchain specialization provides learners with an understanding of the broader blockchain ecosystem. Learners are introduced to other blockchain platforms, details of two decentralized application use cases, and challenges such as privacy and scalability. They are prepared to discuss permissioned blockchain architectures of Hyperledger and Microsoft Azure's blockchain as a service model and analyze the Augur and Grid+ decentralized application platforms. Course material includes emerging alternative decentralization models such as IPFS and Hashgraph, challenges in broader blockchain adoption, and continuous improvement solutions.;
This course provides an introduction to Deep Learning, a field that aims to harness the enormous amounts of data that we are surrounded by with artificial neural networks, allowing for the development of self-driving cars, speech interfaces, genomic sequence analysis and algorithmic trading. You will explore important concepts in Deep Learning, train deep networks using Intel Nervana Neon, apply Deep Learning to various applications and explore new and emerging Deep Learning topics.;
This course is the second course in the specialization about learning how to develop video games using the C# programming language and the Unity game engine on Windows or Mac. Why use C# and Unity instead of some other language and game engine? Well, C# is a really good language for learning how to program and then programming professionally. Also, the Unity game engine is very popular with indie game developers, Unity games were downloaded 16,000,000,000 times in 2016! Finally, C# is one of the programming languages you can use in the Unity environment.This course assumes you have the prerequisite knowledge from the previous course in the specialization. You should make sure you have that knowledge, either by taking that previous course or from personal experience, before tackling this course. The required prerequisite knowledge is listed in the "Who this class is for" section below. Throughout this course you'll continue building your foundational C# and Unity knowledge by exploring more C# and Unity topics and finishing the Unity game you started at the end of the previous course.The material in this and the previous course is essentially our first programming course for Game Design and Development majors at UCCS.Module 1: Learn how we can store lots of data in arrays and lists and use iteration (looping) to repeat actions in your codeModule 2: Learn about abstraction and how we can use it to design and implement console application classesModule 3: Learn how we can use abstraction to design and implement Unity classesModule 4: Add text output (like score!) and sound effects to your Unity gamesModule 5: Complete final peer review“Unity” is a trademark or registered trademark of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere.This course is an independent work and is not sponsored by, authorized by, or affiliated with Unity Technologies or its affiliates;
Курс посвящён изучению языка программирования Swift. Swift является основным языком разработки приложений под такие операционные системы, как iOS, macOS, watchOS и tvOS.Во время обучения вы познакомитесь как с азами разработки — переменными, классами, циклами, протоколами, так и с более сложными темами —  дженериками, замыканиями и ассоциированными типами. Мы сконцентрируемся на особенностях Swift и тех парадигмах, которые он предлагает для написания производительного, красивого и понятного кода.;
Arduino es una iniciativa empleada para simplificar el uso de los microcontroladores, que surgió en 2005 como resultado de un proyecto de estudiantes en el Instituto IVREA. Nació con el objetivo de disminuir el costo de los microcontroladores, que entonces los estudiantes empleaban para sus proyectos y que resultaban demasiado costosos. Actualmente tiene diferentes usos, como la aplicación de desarrolladores de diseños artísticos e interactivos, de igual forma, muchas personas utilizan Arduino para incursionar en aplicaciones tecnológicas, como la automatización y la robótica.Su aplicación, aunque pudiera parecer limitada a áreas de la ciencia muy especializadas, es en realidad común, al encontrarla en un cajero automático, un calentador de agua, la pluma de un estacionamiento o las puertas de una plaza o supermercado, y es que este tipo de herramientas, que facilitan nuestra vida diaria, están basadas en un pequeño microcontrolador, cuya tarea está dictada por un programa.Programar es algo que hacemos día con día al planear nuestras actividades, pero si nos detenemos a organizar aquello que hacemos de manera inconsciente, obtendremos una serie ordenada de pasos que nos llevarán a un objetivo, si tenemos esto claro seremos capaces de planear actividades más complejas.En este curso utilizaremos Arduino UNO para realizar dos prototipos que muestran el funcionamiento de dispositivos, como un chaleco para ciclista y un pastillero. No es requisito tener conocimientos de programación, sin embargo, conforme avances en el estudio de este curso probablemente necesites reforzar e investigar sobre algunos de los aspectos que aquí se expliquen.A través de las actividades y material didáctico de este curso aprenderás a aplicar la tarjeta Arduino y podrás adquirir y reforzar nociones básicas de programación, utilizando una herramienta de fácil acceso, que te permitirá además elaborar posteriores proyectos de tu interés.Subtítulos disponibles en español.Cuatro semanas de estudio.2-4 horas por semana.;
NaN;
This course covers advanced topics in R programming that are necessary for developing powerful, robust, and reusable data science tools. Topics covered include functional programming in R, robust error handling, object oriented programming, profiling and benchmarking, debugging, and proper design of functions. Upon completing this course you will be able to identify and abstract common data analysis tasks and to encapsulate them in user-facing functions. Because every data science environment encounters unique data challenges, there is always a need to develop custom software specific to your organization’s mission. You will also be able to define new data types in R and to develop a universe of functionality specific to those data types to enable cleaner execution of data science tasks and stronger reusability within a team.;
This course is intended for the Master's student and computer engineer who likes practical programming and problem solving!After completing this course, you will have the knowledge to plan and set-up a real-time system both on paper and in practice.The course centers around the problem of achieving timing correctness in embedded systems, which means to guarantee that the system reacts within the real-time requirements.Examples of such systems include airbags, emergency breaks, avionics, and also multi-media systems like video playback and QoS in web servers.The course teaches how to plan real-time systems in theory using established mathematical proofs and how to implement them in practice by using the most common scheduling methods.We also learn and how to program the system in the C language using the FreeRTOS real-time kernel.Finally we have a look at the future of real-time systems namely multi-core real-time systems!This course focus on the learn-by-doing approach with many examples and real-world programming assignments.We have 5 modules, each with a gentle graded quiz in the end and one peer reviewed programming assignment.In case you have no experience with C programming, please check you a practical course like:https://www.coursera.org/learn/arduino-platformThe course is actually quite fun!-Simon Holmbacka / Åbo Akademi UniversityCheck out our whole curriculum: https://research.it.abo.fi/;
На протяжении тысячелетий люди усовершенствовали орудия труда, изучали силы природы и подчиняли их себе, использовали их энергию для работы машин, а в прошлом веке создали машины, которые могут управлять другими машинами. Теперь создание устройств, которые взаимодействуют с физическим миром, доступно даже школьнику. Наш курс состоит из серии практических задач про создание вещей, которые работают сами: изучают мир, принимают решения и действуют – двигаются, обмениваются данными друг с другом и с человеком, управляют другими устройствами. Мы покажем, как собирать эти устройства и программировать их, используя в качестве основы платформу Arduino.Пройдя этот курс, вы сможете создавать устройства, которые считывают данные о внешнем мире с разнообразных датчиков, обрабатывают информацию, получают и отправляют данные на ПК, в Интернет, на мобильные устройства, управляют индикацией и движением. Создание устройств будет включать проектирование, изучение компонентов, сборку схем, написание программ, диагностику. Попутно с созданием самих устройств вы сделаете визуализацию на ПК, создадите веб-страницу, которую будет демонстрировать одно из ваших устройств, а также разберетесь с устройством и работой FDM 3D-принтера. Помимо тех, кто увлекается робототехникой или стремится расширить кругозор и свои навыки, курс будет полезен всем, кто сталкивается с задачами бытовой и производственной автоматизации, а также занимается промышленным дизайном, рекламой и искусством.Курс не требует специальных знаний у слушателей, доступен даже ученикам старших классов средней школы. Плюсом будут навыки программирования и владение английским языком на уровне чтения технической документации, однако обязательным это не является.Весь курс посвящен практике и самым лучшим решением для вас будет раздобыть электронику, повторять показанные примеры и экспериментировать самостоятельно.Приобрести комплекты можно здесь – shop.cyberphysica.ru;
Learn to use tools from the Bioconductor project to perform analysis of genomic data. This is the fifth course in the Genomic Big Data Specialization from Johns Hopkins University.;
NaN;
NaN;
Internet of Things (IoT) is an emerging area of information and communications technology (ICT) involving many disciplines of computer science and engineering including sensors/actuators, communications networking, server platforms, data analytics and smart applications. IoT is considered to be an essential part of the 4th Industrial Revolution along with AI and Big Data. This course will be very useful to senior undergraduate and graduate students as well as engineers who are working in the industry. This course aims at introducing the general concepts and architecture of IoT applications, networking technologies involved, IoT development kits including Arduino, Raspberry Pi, Samsung ARTIK, and how to program them. This course will be offered in English. Subtitles/captions in both of English and Korean will be also provided. IoT (Internet of Things, 사물인터넷)는 최근 중요한 정보통신기술로 주목 받고 있으며 센서/ 제어기, 통신 네트워크, 서버 플랫폼, 데이터 분석, 스마트 앱 등의 컴퓨터공학 기술들이 융합된 기술입니다. IoT는 인공지능, 빅데이터와 함께, 4차산업혁명의 3대 핵심 기술 중 하나로 손꼽히고 있습니다. 본 강좌는 현재 대학에서 공부를 하고 있는 학부 3-4학년 및 대학원생들에게 뿐만 아니라 현장의 개발자, 엔지니어들에게도 도움이 될 거라 믿습니다. IoT의 개념부터 아키텍처, 네트워크기술들을 소개하고 IoT 앱들을 개발할 때 많이 사용되는 Arduino, Raspberry Pi와 삼성전자의 ARTIK 플랫폼을 소개합니다. 본 과목은 영어로 진행되며, 영문과 한글 자막을 제공합니다.;
NaN;
The third course in the specialization Introduction to Programming in C introduces the programming constructs pointers, arrays, and recursion. Pointers provide control and flexibility when programming in C by giving you a way to refer to the location of other data. Arrays provide a way to bundle data by guaranteeing sequences of data are grouped together. Finally, recursive functions—functions that call themselves—provide an alternative to iteration that are very useful for implementing certain algorithms.;
Neurohacking describes how to use the R programming language (https://cran.r-project.org/) and its associated package to perform manipulation, processing, and analysis of neuroimaging data. We focus on publicly-available structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). We discuss concepts such as inhomogeneity correction, image registration, and image visualization.By the end of this course, you will be able to:Read/write images of the brain in the NIfTI (Neuroimaging Informatics Technology Initiative) formatVisualize and explore these imagesPerform inhomogeneity correction, brain extraction, and image registration (within a subject and to a template).;
¿Qué es el aprendizaje automático? ¿Qué tipos de problemas puede solucionar? ¿Cuáles son las cinco fases para convertir un posible caso práctico en un recurso que pueda aprovechar la tecnología de aprendizaje automático? ¿Por qué es importante no saltarse fases? ¿Por qué las redes neuronales son tan populares? ¿Cómo plantear un problema de aprendizaje supervisado y encontrar una buena solución generalizable mediante un descenso de gradientes y una forma meditada de crear conjuntos de datos? Aprenda a escribir modelos de aprendizaje automático distribuido que escalen en Tensorflow y que brinden predicciones de alto rendimiento. Convierta los datos sin procesar en funciones de una forma que permita al AA aprender características importantes de los datos y aportar una percepción humana para abordar los problemas. Por último, aprenda a incorporar la combinación adecuada de parámetros que desarrolle modelos generalizados y exactos, y conozca la teoría para solucionar determinados tipos de problemas de AA. Experimentará con el AA de extremo a extremo, a partir de la construcción de una estrategia centrada en el AA y el avance hacia el entrenamiento, optimización y producción de modelos con labs prácticos mediante Google Cloud Platform.&gt,&gt,&gt, Al inscribirse en esta especialización acepta los Términos de Servicio de Qwiklabs según lo establecido en las Preguntas Frecuentes, disponibles en el apartado: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
Do you want to write powerful, maintainable, and testable front end applications faster and with less code? Then consider joining this course to gain skills in one of the most popular Single Page Application (SPA) frameworks today, AngularJS. Developed and backed by Google, AngularJS is a very marketable skill to acquire.In this course, we will explore the core design of AngularJS 1.x (latest version of AngularJS 1), its components and code organization techniques. We will enhance the functionality of our web app by utilizing dependency injection to reuse existing services as well as write our own. We will create reusable HTML components that take advantage of AngularJS data binding as well as extend HTML syntax with a very powerful feature of AngularJS called directives. We’ll set up routing so our SPA can have multiple views. We will also learn how to unit test our functionality. At the end of this course, you will build a fully functional, well organized and tested web application using AngularJS and deploy it to the cloud.;
Every time you use Google to search something, every time you use Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or any other SNS (Social Network Service), and every time you buy from a recommended list of products on Amazon.com you are using a big data system. In addition, big data technology supports your smartphone, smartwatch, Alexa, Siri, and automobile (if it is a newer model) every day. The top companies in the world are currently using big data technology, and every company is in need of advanced big data technology support. Simply put, big data technology is not an option for your company, it is a necessity for survival and growth. So now is the right time to learn what big data is and how to use it in advantage of your company. This 6 module course first focuses on the world’s industry market share rankings of big data hardware, software, and professional services, and then covers the world’s top big data product line and service types of the major big data companies. Then the lectures focused on how big data analysis is possible based on the world’s most popular three big data technologies Hadoop, Spark, and Storm. The last part focuses on providing experience on one of the most famous and widely used big data statistical analysis systems in the world, the IBM SPSS Statistics. This course was designed to prepare you to be more successful in businesses strategic planning in the upcoming big data era. Welcome to the amazing Big Data world!;
Статистическая обработка данных и визуализация результатов анализа - это неизбежный этап работы с данными, полученными в различных областях естественных наук, в социологии, психологии или экономике. В этом курсе мы подробно разберем основы статистики и познакомимся с основами языка статистического программирования R. Мы научим вас гибко использовать средства визуализации (диаграммы, графики и т.п.), чтобы сделать результаты анализа максимально доступными и понятными.  Вы научитесь рассчитывать основные описательные статистики: медиану и квантили, среднее и стандартное отклонение.  Вы познакомитесь с принципами использования теоретических распределений статистик для построения доверительных интервалов и тестирования гипотез (на примере t-критерия). Наконец, мы обсудим сложности, возникающие при множественном тестировании гипотез и научим вас преодолевать их.Этот курс для людей, начинающих знакомство со статистикой, а также для тех, кто хочет не только освоить базовые возможности языка R, но и научиться строить сложные графики.;
Neste curso, assumimos que você já sabe desenvolver programas pequenos em Java, mas você talvez não se sinta ainda confortável em projetar programas mais complexos com método e organização. O objetivo deste curso é fazer você compreender os princípios de orientação a objetos por meio da linguagem Java e saber como eficientemente aplicar esses princípios na prática quando projetando e desenvolvendo software de maneira ágil. Os conceitos discutidos e experimentados por você neste curso serão a base para você poder compreender os novos conceitos apresentados nos cursos seguintes desta especialização.Os conceitos Java apresentados neste curso incluem o seguinte: revisão de conceitos básicos de orientação a objetos, tais como classes, objetos, métodos e atributos, variáveis de instância e de classe, responsabilidades, colaborações e cartões CRC, testes de unidade, uso de plataforma IDE como o Eclipse, herança, classes concretas e abstratas, interfaces, modificadores de acesso, encapsulamento, métodos de acesso, aprofundamento nos conceitos de polimorfismo, sobrecarga e sobreposição, associação de classes, agregação e composição, exceções, delegação e acoplamento abstrato. Em seguida, vocês serão apresentados aos principais princípios usados para organizar o desenvolvimento de programas orientados a objetos com qualidade, dentre os quais, os princípios "Tell, Don't Ask!" e "Law of Demeter". Sempre que conveniente, cada conceito será representado por meio de diagramas  UML. Você será exposto a propriedades e anotações em Java.Ao final deste curso, você terá amadurecido de tal modo suas habilidades de programação que você será capaz de implementar versões iniciais do componente de gamificação constante do Trabalho de Conclusão da Especialização, com base nas boas práticas exercitadas neste curso.;
In most areas of health, data is being used to make important decisions.  As a health population manager, you will have the opportunity to use data to answer interesting questions. In this course, we will discuss data analysis from a responsible perspective, which will help you to extract useful information from data and enlarge your knowledge about specific aspects of interest of the population. First, you will learn how to obtain, safely gather, clean and explore data. Then, we will discuss that because data are usually obtained from a sample of a limited number of individuals, statistical methods are needed to make claims about the whole population of interest. You will discover how statistical inference, hypothesis testing and regression techniques will help you to make the connection between samples and populations.A final important aspect is interpreting and reporting. How can we transform information into knowledge? How can we separate trustworthy information from noise? In the last part of the course, we will cover the critical assessment of the results, and we will discuss challenges and dangers of data analysis in the era of big data and massive amounts of information.  In this course, we will emphasize the concepts and we will also teach you how to effectively perform your analysis using R. You do not need to install R on your computer to follow the course, you will be able to access R and all the example data sets within the Coursera environment.  This course will become part of the to-be-developed  Leiden University master program Population Health Management. If you wish to find out more about this program see the last reading of this Course!;
¿Te interesa la visión por computador? ¿Te gustaría conocer qué métodos puedes utilizar para detectar y reconocer objetos en una imagen? En este curso te introducirás en los principios básicos de cualquier sistema automático de detección y reconocimiento de objetos en imágenes. A lo largo del curso analizaremos diferentes métodos de representación y clasificación que te permitirán abordar casos de aplicación de complejidad creciente.El contenido del curso se estructura a partir de un esquema básico de detección y reconocimiento de objetos que sirve de guía para ir introduciendo tanto los diferentes métodos de extracción de características y representación de la imagen como diferentes alternativas para clasificar una imagen y para localizar todas las instancias de un objeto en la imagen. El temario incluye conceptos básicos de formación de la imagen, la convolución y su aplicación a la detección de contornos, características de regiones, descriptores de imagen (Local Binary Pattern, Histogram of Oriented Gradients, características de Haar) y varios métodos de clasificación (clasificador lineal, Support Vector Machine, Adaboost, Random Forest, Convolutional Neural Network).Finalizar el curso te permitirá:•	Diseñar, a partir de un esquema básico común, soluciones adaptadas para diferentes problemas de detección y reconocimiento de objetos en una imagen,•	Conocer las principales técnicas para la descripción y clasificación de una imagen,•	Conocer las herramientas que permiten el desarrollo de aplicaciones reales de detección y reconocimiento de objetos, para que seas capaz de desarrollar tus propios sistemas de detección y reconocimiento de objetos en múltiples aplicaciones.El curso está orientado tanto a estudiantes universitarios de algún grado relacionado con la informática, la ingeniería o las matemáticas, como a otros estudiantes con conocimientos de programación, interesados en aprender cómo utilizar técnicas de visión por computador para extraer información de las imágenes. INICIO: 1 de Diciembre de 2015;
Course 3 is a continuation of the previous course, and will focus on teaching you how to work with tools you need to do your everyday work. The course begins by introducing you to numerous essential command line tools that are used daily. Then, it focuses on bash scripting - you will learn how to construct scripts and how to do very complicated tasks in an automated way. The course looks at files and filesystems and focuses on compiling programs in Linux, using gcc and other compilers, and using libraries of different types. It also takes a look at how Java works in Linux, and explains why there is no reason to worry about having easy-to-use Java programs in Linux. Course 3 ends by covering building packages out of software in Linux.;
In the final capstone project you will apply the skills you learned by building a large data-intensive application using real-world data.You will implement a complete application processing several gigabytes of data. This application will show interactive visualizations of the evolution of temperatures over time all over the world.The development of such an application will involve: — transforming data provided by weather stations into meaningful information like, for instance, the average temperature of each point of the globe over the last ten years , — then, making images from this information by using spatial and linear interpolation techniques , — finally, implementing how the user interface will react to users’ actions.;
World and internet is full of textual information. We search for information using textual queries, we read websites, books, e-mails. All those are strings from the point of view of computer science. To make sense of all that information and make search efficient, search engines use many string algorithms. Moreover, the emerging field of personalized medicine uses many search algorithms to find disease-causing mutations in the human genome.;
The capstone project class will allow students to create a usable/public data product that can be used to show your skills to potential employers. Projects will be drawn from real-world problems and will be conducted with industry, government, and academic partners.;
NaN;
The device or "platform" that a game is developed for and played on has a massive impact on the game development process. In this hands-on course you will explore how to develop a game for a variety of modern platforms, including Web, Windows, Mac OS X, iOS, and Android. While building a complete game, you will learn intermediate and advanced game development techniques in the Unity game engine.  By the end of the course, you will understand how to develop, refine, package, and prepare your game for distribution on a variety of game platforms. Particular attention will be given to developing a 2D platformer game that supports multiple forms of input (keyboard/mouse, controller, and touch), works across multiple forms of output (screen size, screen resolution, sound), and performs well on a variety of computing devices.;
An introduction to the Objective-C programming language.  This will prepare you for more extensive iOS app development and build a foundation for advanced iOS development topics.Objective-C programming requires a Mac laptop or desktop computer.  An iOS device is optional if the learner is willing to working exclusively with the simulator.  Some learners have been able to work with an OS X virtual machine on Windows, but explaining how to do that is beyond the scope of this course.Upon completing this course, you will be able to:1.       Read and write Objective-C2.       Have a strong grasp of Objective-C objects3.       Organize their code professionally using objects and blocks4.       Prototype several entry-level apps;
This specialization is designed to let you explore computational thinking and beginning C programming topics, applying those concepts to develop solutions to a variety of practical problems.The first course assumes no programming experience, and throughout the 4 courses in the specialization you'll learn about both computational thinking and C programming. The material in the courses in the specialization is equivalent to our computational thinking course at UCCS.;
Welcome to the Capstone Project for Big Data! In this culminating project, you will build a big data ecosystem using tools and methods form the earlier courses in this specialization. You will analyze a data set simulating big data generated from a large number of users who are playing our imaginary game "Catch the Pink Flamingo". During the five week Capstone Project, you will walk through the typical big data science steps for acquiring, exploring, preparing, analyzing, and reporting. In the first two weeks, we will introduce you to the data set and guide you through some exploratory analysis using tools such as Splunk and Open Office. Then we will move into more challenging big data problems requiring the more advanced tools you have learned including KNIME, Spark's MLLib and Gephi. Finally, during the fifth and final week, we will show you how to bring it all together to create engaging and compelling reports and slide presentations. As a result of our collaboration with Splunk, a software company focus on analyzing machine-generated big data, learners with the top projects will be eligible to present to Splunk and meet Splunk recruiters and engineering leadership.;
How does Google Maps plan the best route for getting around town given current traffic conditions?  How does an internet router forward packets of network traffic to minimize delay?  How does an aid group allocate resources to its affiliated local partners?To solve such problems, we first represent the key pieces of data in a complex data structure. In this course, you’ll learn about data structures, like graphs, that are fundamental for working with structured real world data.  You will develop, implement, and analyze algorithms for working with this data to solve real world problems.   In addition, as the programs you develop in this course become more complex, we’ll examine what makes for good code and class hierarchy design so that you can not only write correct code, but also share it with other people and maintain it in the future.The backbone project in this course will be a route planning application.  You will apply the concepts from each Module directly to building an application that allows an autonomous agent (or a human driver!) to navigate its environment.  And as usual we have our different video series to help tie the content back to its importance in the real world and to provide tiered levels of support to meet your personal needs.;
Уже долгое время со всех сторон звучат слова "блокчейн" и "криптовалюта". Говорят, что блокчейн — прорыв и за ним будущее. Но что стоит за этим понятием, какую пользу приносит блокчейн обществу, бизнесу и человеку? В этом мы и поможем вам разобраться.В курсе «Введение в технологию блокчейн» вы узнаете: 1. Что такое блокчейн, сферы применения, механизм и принципы работы.2. Как создаются криптовалюты при помощи блокчейна.3. Что такое централизованные и децентрализованные системы, их преимущества и недостатки.4. Как и где можно использовать блокчейн и криптовалюты, и почему это безопасно.5. В чём сходства и отличия наиболее популярных блокчейн-платформ: Bitcoin и Ethereum.6. Сферы применения блокчейна Ethereum в жизни.В конце курса вам предстоит спроектировать сценарий использования блокчейна в бизнесе. Это будет ваш курсовой проект, в котором вы сможете применить все полученные в курсе знания.;
You’ve hit a major milestone as a computer scientist and are becoming a capable programmer. You now know how to solve problems, write algorithms, and analyze solutions, and you have a wealth of tools (like data structures) at your disposal.  You may now be ready for an internship or (possibly) an entry-level software engineering job.  But can you land the internship/job?  It depends in part on how well you can solve new technical problems and communicate during interviews.  How can you get better at this?  Practice!  With the support of Google’s recruiting and engineering teams we’ve provided tips, examples, and practice opportunities in this course that may help you with a number of tech companies.  We’ll assist you to organize into teams to practice.  Lastly, we’ll give you basic job search advice, and tips for succeeding once you’re on the job.;
How can we know if the differences in wages between men and women are caused by discrimination or differences in background characteristics? In this PhD-level course we look at causal effects as opposed to spurious relationships. We will discuss how they can be identified in the social sciences using quantitative data, and describe how this can help us understand social mechanisms.;
You already know how to build a basic web application with the Ruby on Rails framework. Perhaps, you have even taken Course 1, "Ruby on Rails: An Introduction" (we highly recommend it) where you relied on external web services to be your “data layer”. But in the back of your mind, you always knew that there would come a time when you would need to roll up your sleeves and learn SQL to be able to interact with your own relational database (RDBMS). But there is an easier way to get started with SQL using the Active Record Object/Relational (ORM) framework. In this course, we will be able to use the Ruby language and the Active Record ORM framework to automate interactions with the database to quickly build the application we want.In Rails with Active Record and Action Pack, we will explore how to interact with relational databases by using Active Record, a Ruby gem, which Rails uses by default for database access. We will then take a look at what role Active Record plays in the overall request-response cycle, when a client (the browser) requests data from the server, as well as how to submit the data to the server.  Of course, when accessing data, security is of paramount importance! We will talk about vulnerabilities such as SQL injection, as well as how to secure access to data by authenticating and authorizing users accessing the data. Take this course to build a Ruby on Rails application with Active Record to automate the detailed SQL interactions with our database.;
NaN;
You may never be sure whether you have an effective user experience until you have tested it with users. In this course, you’ll learn how to design user-centered experiments, how to run such experiments, and how to analyze data from these experiments in order to evaluate and validate user experiences. You will work through real-world examples of experiments from the fields of UX, IxD, and HCI, understanding issues in experiment design and analysis. You will analyze multiple data sets using recipes given to you in the R statistical programming language -- no prior programming experience is assumed or required, but you will be required to read, understand, and modify code snippets provided to you. By the end of the course, you will be able to knowledgeably design, run, and analyze your own experiments that give statistical weight to your designs.;
In this MOOC, you will learn how to hack web apps with command injection vulnerabilities in a web site of your AWS Linux instance.   You will learn how to search valuable information on a typical Linux systems with LAMP services, and deposit and hide Trojans for future exploitation.  You will learn how to patch these web apps with input validation using regular expression. You will learn a security design pattern to avoid introducing injection vulnerabilities by input validation and replacing generic system calls with specific function calls.  You will learn how to hack web apps with SQL injection vulnerabilities and retrieve user profile information and passwords.  You will learn how to patch them with input validation and SQL parameter binding.  You will learn the hacking methodology, Nessus tool for scanning vulnerabilities, Kali Linux for penetration testing, and Metasploit Framework for gaining access to vulnerable Windows Systems, deploying keylogger, and perform Remote VNC server injection.  You will learn security in memory systems and virtual memory layout, and understand buffer overflow attacks and their defenses.  You will learn how to clone a Kali instance with AWS P2 GPU support and perform hashcat password cracking using dictionary attacks and known pattern mask attacks.;
NaN;
Big data and artificial intelligence get most of the press about computational social science, but maybe the most complex aspect of it refers to using computational tools to explore and develop social science theory. This course shows how computer simulations are being used to explore the realm of what is theoretically possible. Computer simulations allow us to study why societies are the way they are, and to dream about the world we would like to live in. This can be as intuitive as playing a video game. Much like the well-known video game SimCity is used to build and manage an artificial city, we use agent-based models to grow and study artificial societies. Without hurting anyone in the real world, computer simulations allow us explore how to make the world a better place. We play hands-on with several practical computer simulation models and explore how we can combine hypothetical models with real world data. Finally, you will program a simple artificial society yourself, bottom-up. This will allow you to feel the complexity that arises when designing social systems, while at the same time experiencing the ease with which our new computational tools allow us to pursue such daunting endeavors.;
你有没有好奇过：计算机为什么能够进行计算？计算机程序是怎样运行的？你是否想知道：计算机未来可能的发展趋势有哪些？程序是如何编写出来的？如何学习程序设计语言？程序设计语言的基本成分有哪些？《计算导论》这门课将帮助你解决这些疑惑。学完这门课，你将能够解释计算机和程序的基本运行原理以及它们的特性，向你的朋友讲述计算机的历史和发展趋势；同时，你也将充分“热身”，迎接“计算机程序设计语言”的学习！;
En este curso a pedido y acelerado de 1 semana, los participantes descubrirán las capacidades de los macrodatos y del aprendizaje automático de Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Además, se proporciona una descripción general rápida de Google Cloud Platform y más detalles sobre las capacidades de procesamiento de datos.Al finalizar este curso, los participantes podrán hacer lo siguiente:• Identificar el propósito y el valor de los productos clave de macrodatos y aprendizaje automático disponibles en Google Cloud Platform• Usar Cloud SQL y Cloud Dataproc para migrar las cargas de trabajo existentes de MySQL y Hadoop/Pig/Spark/Hive a Google Cloud Platform• Usar BigQuery y Cloud Datalab para llevar a cabo un análisis de datos interactivo• Elegir entre Cloud SQL, Bigtable y Datastore• Entrenar y usar una red neuronal mediante TensorFlow• Elegir entre los diferentes productos de procesamiento de datos disponibles en Google Cloud PlatformAntes de inscribirse en este curso, los participantes deben tener aproximadamente un (1) año de experiencia en uno o más de los siguientes:• Un lenguaje de consulta común, como SQL• Actividades de extracción, transformación y carga• Modelado de datos• Aprendizaje automático o estadísticas• Programación en PythonNotas de la Cuenta de Google:• Actualmente, los servicios de Google no están disponibles en China.;
Ever wonder how Netflix decides what movies to recommend for you? Or how Amazon recommends books? We can get a feel for how it works by building a simplified recommender of our own!In this capstone, you will show off your problem solving and Java programming skills by creating recommender systems. You will work with data for movies, including ratings, but the principles involved can easily be adapted to books, restaurants, and more. You will write a program to answer questions about the data, including which items should be recommended to a user based on their ratings of several movies. Given input files on users ratings and movie titles, you will be able to:1. Read in and parse data into lists and maps,2. Calculate average ratings,3. Calculate how similar a given rater is to another user based on ratings, and4. Recommend movies to a given user based on ratings. 5. Display recommended movies for a given user on a webpage.;
This course is the third course in the specialization about learning how to develop video games using the C# programming language and the Unity game engine on Windows or Mac. Why use C# and Unity instead of some other language and game engine? Well, C# is a really good language for learning how to program and then programming professionally. Also, the Unity game engine is very popular with indie game developers, Unity games were downloaded 16,000,000,000 times in 2016! Finally, C# is one of the programming languages you can use in the Unity environment.This course assumes you have the prerequisite knowledge from the previous two courses in the specialization. You should make sure you have that knowledge, either by taking those previous courses or from personal experience, before tackling this course. The required prerequisite knowledge is listed in the "Who this class is for" section below. Throughout this course you'll build on your foundational C# and Unity knowledge by developing more robust games with better object-oriented designs using file input and output, inheritance and polymorphism, and event handling.This course gives you even more tools to help you build great games with C# and Unity!Module 1: Start using files to implement your Unity gamesModule 2: Learn how inheritance and polymorphism help us write less code for our gamesModule 3: Implement event handling to make better object-oriented designs and add menus to your Unity gamesModule 4: Explore the complete implementation of a small Unity gameModule 5: Complete final peer review“Unity” is a trademark or registered trademark of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere.This course is an independent work and is not sponsored by, authorized by, or affiliated with Unity Technologies or its affiliates;
Этот курс - первый в специализации "Анализ данных". Курс будет особенно полезен тем, кто имеет небольшой опыт работы с данными, или хочет освежить знания по теории вероятностей, математической статистике и типах данных. Сначала мы вспомним основы теории вероятностей и поговорим о случайных величинах и их свойствах, об основных распределениях случайных величин. Затем перейдем к основным характеристикам распределений: мерам центра и мерам вариативности. Далее обсудим основные типы шкал измерения признаков, а также основные ограничения, которые тип шкалы накладывает на применимые методы анализа данных. Третья неделя курса посвящена графическому анализу данных и способам визуализации распределений, индивидуальных или совместных. Завершающий модуль курса посвящен выборкам и способам их формирования, а также принципам и инструментам работы с пропущенными и неопределенными значениями. Вы сможете применить полученные знания, выполнив небольшой проект на реальных данных, предоставленных компанией 2GIS. Присоединяйтесь!;
Agile embraces change which means that team should be able to effectively make changes to the system as team learns about users and market.  To be good at effectively making changes to the system, teams need to have engineering rigor and excellence else embracing change becomes very painful and expensive.  In this course, you will learn about engineering practices and processes that agile and traditional teams use to make sure the team is prepared for change. In additional, you will also learn about practices, techniques and processes that can help team build high quality software. You will also learn how to calculate a variety of quantitative metrics related to software quality.This is an intermediate course, intended for learners with a background in software development. To succeed in the course, you should have experience developing in modern programming languages (e.g., Java, C#, Python, JavaScript), an understanding of software development lifecycle models, and and a desire to better understand quality aspects of software development beyond program correctness.At the end of this course, you will be able to comfortably and effectively participate in various techniques and processes for building secure and high quality software.;
NaN;
Por medio de ejercicios prácticos, serás capaz de manipular las herramientas que Android te ofrece para desarrollar aplicaciones móviles. En este curso, instalarás el entorno de desarrollo Android Studio y manipularás sus más sofisticadas particularidades. Por ejemplo, la composición de archivos de un proyecto Android y los patrones más comunes para el desarrollo de tus aplicaciones.Identificarás todas las opciones que tienes para emular con los Android Virtual Devices, su funcionamiento y configuración.También, reconocerás, las herramientas exclusivas que Android Studio tiene para tus aplicaciones móviles.  Usando Material Design para Android harás que tus aplicaciones luzcan como siempre las quisiste. Además, conocerás las mejores prácticas de maquetado para tus aplicaciones, no codifiques si no tienes mockup.;
Bienvenidos a esta introducción al desarrollo de videojuegos en Unity! Al finalizar este curso habrás desarrollado un juego 2D sencillo, y conocerás los conceptos necesarios para hacer este desarrollo desde el punto de vista de un programador en Unity. Aprenderás durante 8 semanas cómo crear la escena principal de un juego, cómo agregar código que defina el comportamiento de los personajes, cómo reflejar el estado del juego en elementos de interfaz y cómo publicar dicho prototipo en la web. Usamos Unity, un motor de juegos muy popular, con una gran cantidad de recursos disponibles y con una comunidad muy activa. Puedes ver ejemplos de lo que han desarrollado otros estudiantes en: http://padlet.com/Uniandes/DlloVideojuegosTengas o no tengas una idea de juego, este curso te permitirá adquirir las habilidades básicas para desarrollar juegos 2D. Este curso es también útil si quieres hacer un juego para tu trabajo, investigación, ó por hobby, sea el tema que sea. Los conceptos acá aprendidos son también útiles para el desarrollo de simuladores, juegos educativos, y libros interactivos.Es importante que tengas conocimientos básicos de programación en un lenguaje orientado por objetos como Python, Java o C#. Existen varios cursos en Coursera que puedes tomar con este propósito. Vamos a programar en C# dentro de Unity, y los conceptos en otros lenguajes orientados por objeto van a ser útiles para nuestro desarrollo en este curso.Este curso es parte del Programa Especializado Coursera en desarrollo de videojuegos, en la cual aprenderás a diseñar y programar cierto tipo de videojuegos, comprender el mercado actual y lo que se requiere para crear un juego comercialmente exitoso.Ten en cuenta que este curso ha sido diseñado como el primero de cinco cursos que hacen parte del programa especializado en Desarrollo y Diseño de Videojuegos. Puedes tomar todos los cursos por separado o sólo uno de ellos, sin embargo te recomendamos que te inscribas y participes en los cinco, ojalá en el orden que te proponemos, de manera que llegues al último curso denominado "Desarrollo y Diseño de Videojuegos: proyecto final" preparado para aplicar los conocimientos adquiridos en los cursos anteriores. Para inscribirte únicamente a este curso debes ir a la página del mismo: https://www.coursera.org/learn/desarrollo-videojuegos-unity/home/welcome. Haz click en el botón azul de la izquierda "Enroll now" o "Inscribirse ahora", donde podrás elegir si deseas tomar el curso pagando por la certificación con una suscripción mensual o anual, en cuyo caso debes hacer unas evaluaciones adicionales obligatorias y cumplir con los otros requisitos de certificación, o si deseas auditarlo, es decir acceder al contenido sin pagar por el certificado o suscripción.;
This course is for anyone passionate about learning how to develop FPGA-accelerated applications with SDAccel!The more general purpose you are, the more flexible you are and the more kinds of programs and algorithms you can execute on your underlying computing infrastructure. All of this is terrific, but there is no free food and this is happening, quite often, by losing in efficiency.This course will present several scenarios where the workloads require more performance than can be obtained even by using the fastest CPUs. This scenario is turning cloud and data center architectures toward accelerated computing. Within this course, we are going to show you how to gain benefits by using Xilinx SDAccel to program Amazon EC2 F1 instances. We are going to do this through a working example of an algorithm used in computational biology.The huge amount of data the algorithms need to process and their complexity raised the problem of increasing the amount of computational power needed to perform the computation. In this scenario, hardware accelerators revealed to be effective in achieving a speed-up in the computation while, at the same time, saving power consumption. Among the algorithms used in computational biology, the Smith-Waterman algorithm is a dynamic programming algorithm, guaranteed to find the optimal local alignment between two strings that could be nucleotides or proteins. In the following classes, we present an analysis and successive FPGA-based hardware acceleration of the Smith-Waterman algorithm used to perform pairwise alignment of DNA sequences.Within this context, this course is focusing on distributed, heterogeneous cloud infrastructures, providing you details on how to use Xilinx SDAccel, through working examples, to bring your solutions to life by using the Amazon EC2 F1 instances.;
Once we have sequenced genomes in the previous course, we would like to compare them to determine how species have evolved and what makes them different.In the first half of the course, we will compare two short biological sequences, such as genes (i.e., short sequences of DNA) or proteins.  We will encounter a powerful algorithmic tool called dynamic programming that will help us determine the number of mutations that have separated the two genes/proteins.In the second half of the course, we will "zoom out" to compare entire genomes, where we see large scale mutations called genome rearrangements, seismic events that have heaved around large blocks of DNA over millions of years of evolution.  Looking at the human and mouse genomes, we will ask ourselves: just as earthquakes are much more likely to occur along fault lines, are there locations in our genome that are "fragile" and more susceptible to be broken as part of genome rearrangements?  We will see how combinatorial algorithms will help us answer this question.Finally, you will learn how to apply popular bioinformatics software tools to solve problems in sequence alignment, including BLAST.;
تهدف هذه الدورة إلى تعليم الجميع أساسيات برمجة أجهزة الكمبيوتر باستخدام بايثون. إننا نغطي أساسيات كيفية إنشاء برنامج من سلسلة من التعليمات البسيطة في بايثون. لا يوجد متطلبات مسبقة للدورة التدريبية وهي لا تستخدم سوى أبسط قواعد الرياضيات. يجب أن يتمكن أي شخص لديه خبرة معتدلة في الكمبيوتر من إتقان المواد في هذه الدورة. تغطي هذه الدورة الفصول من 1 إلى 5 بالكتاب المقرر "بايثون للجميع". بمجرد إكمال الطالب للدورة التدريبية، سيكون جاهزًا لأخذ دورات تدريبية في البرمجة أكثر تقدمًا. تغطي هذه الدورة التدريبية بايثون 3.;
Основная цель этого курса — научить идиомам языка C++, то есть показать, как с помощью различных возможностей языка создавать элегантные, эффективные и надёжные блоки кода. В совокупности со знаниями, полученными на «Красном поясе», это позволит вам создавать не только быстрые и легко поддерживаемые программы. Кроме того, будут освещены темы, которые не поместились в объём предыдущих курсов: пространства имён и эффективное использование ассоциативных контейнеров.;
This course helps you build hands-on experience with Apigee API Platform On-Premises installation, management and upgrade processes.The material focuses on building understanding about the management capabilities of Apigee API Platform, how to secure the platform as well as how to maintained up to date by performing upgrades.;
The final course in the specialization Introduction to Programming in C will teach you powerful new programming techniques for interacting with the user and the system and dynamically allocating memory. You will learn more sophisticated uses for pointers, such as strings and multidimensional arrays, as well as how to write programs that read and write files and take input from the user. Learning about dynamic memory allocation will allow your programs to perform complex tasks that will be applied in the final part of the specialization project: a Monte Carlo simulation for calculating poker hand probabilities.;
In this course, we will explore MongoDB, a very popular NoSQL database and Web Services concepts and integrate them both with Ruby on Rails. MongoDB is a used to handle documents with a pre-defined schema which will give the developers an ability to store, process and use data using it’s rich API. The modules will go in-depth from installation to CRUD operations, aggregation, indexing, GridFS and various other topics where we continuously integrate MongoDB with RailsRuby.  We will be covering the interface to MongoDB using the Mongo Ruby API and the Mongoid ORM framework (the MongoDB access counterpart to RDBMS/ActiveRecord within Rails).  The last portion of the course will focus on Web Services with emphasis on REST, its architectural style and integration of Web Services with Rails.  Core concepts of Web Services like request/response, filters, data representation (XML/JSON), web linking and best practices will covered in depth.This course is ideal for students and professionals who have some programming experience and a working knowledge of databases.;
NaN;
本课程 (Please click https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-data-processing for English version) 主要面向非计算机专业学生，从Python基本语法开始，到Python中如何从本地和网络上进行数据获取，如何解析和表示数据，再到如何利用Python开源生态系统SciPy对数据进行基础和高级的统计分析及可视化，包括数据探索和预处理的具体方法，到最后如何设计一个简单的GUI界面来表示和处理数据，层层推进。整个课程以财经数据为基础，通过构建一个个喜闻乐见的案例，让大家可以以更直观的方式领略Python的简洁、优雅和健壮，同时探讨Python除了在商业领域之外在文学、社会学和新闻等人文社科类领域以及在数学和生物等理工类领域同样拥有便捷高效的数据处理能力，并可以触类旁通将其灵活应用于各专业中。近期（2019年11月6日已更新完毕）本课程进行了全面改版，新版主要在以下几个方面做了改变：1. 丰富了Python基础的案例实际操作和讲解；2. 增加和扩展了如NumPy包的矢量运算和广播思想及常见应用，数据探索与预处理的多个环节，基于pandas的数据分析及数据挖掘案例等。有些是直接在原视频上修改，有些是以拓展视频的方式呈现，特别是新录制的视频因为想说的内容很多所以时长较长，很多都超过了20分钟😓，小伙伴们学习时可能会比较辛苦，加油加油！;
北京大学《C++程序设计》这门课将向你讲授C++程序设计有关的概念和语法，使你能够使用C++语言，以面向对象的方法编写可维护性、可扩充性好的，较大规模的程序。我们建议你在开始本课程之前已经熟悉了C语言和基本程设编写。这门课则将带你掌握C++语言中类、对象、运算符重载、继承、多态等面向对象的程序设计方法，以及模板、标准模板库STL等泛型程序设计的机制，体会和领悟面向对象程序设计方法和泛型程序设计方法的优势。;
VERSIÓN EN ESPAÑOLProbablemente, todos hemos jugado a algún videojuego, pero ¿qué hay detrás de él? Podemos decir que - con independencia del videojuego - hay un árduo trabajo multidisciplinar que incluye desde aspectos de diseño hasta la programación como tal del videojuego. Este curso pretende ser un curso introductorio que muestre qué aspectos hay que considerar en el videojuego, y que permita con posterioridad abordar individualmente los temas que se consideran nucleares: diseño, arte, motor del videojuego y 'game play'. Al completar este curso introductorio, podrás identificar, nombrar y explicar la importancia de los diferentes aspectos que hay que considerar al diseñar un videojuego. Pretendemos también que puedas evaluar qué partes del videojuego te interesan más, de cara a que puedas seguir un curso específico sobre esa temática, o bien, si deseas el conocimiento global, puedas abordar todo el programa especializado. Estarás listo para abordar más en profundidad estos temas nucleares (diseño, arte, motor del videojuego y 'gameplay') que se cubren de forma individualizada y en detalle en el resto de cursos del programa especializado.IMPORTANTEPuedes seguir el curso también en Inglés (subtítulos y cuestionarios).__________________ENGLISH VERSIONWe have all probably played a video game at least once in our life, but... what's behind them? We can say that -no matter what game it is- there's a difficult multidisciplinary work that involves factors that go from the design to the video game's programming. This is an introductory course that will show you which aspects we must consider in the video game, and it will subsequently help you to individually study the different videogames creation's nucleus: design, art, video game engine and gameplay.When you finish this introductory course, you will be able to identify, tell and explain the importance of the many aspects we must consider when designing a video game. We also want you to be able to avaluate which parts of a video game you're most interested in, so that you can later take the specific course on this topic -if you seek global knowledge you can see all the specialised program. Then you'll be ready to study more deeply these main topics -design, art, video game engine and gameplay- which are individually studied with detail during the other courses of the specialized program.IMPORTANTYou are able to follow this course in English (subtitles and quizzes).;
iOS App Development Basics, the second course in the iOS App Development with Swift specialization, expands your programming skills and applies them to authentic app development projects. The topics covered in this course include Xcode basics, Core iOS and Cocoa Touch frameworks, simple user interface creation, MVC Architecture and much more.  With a focus on using Apple’s components to access sensors like camera, microphone and GPS, by the end of this course you will be able to create a basic App according to specified parameters and guidelines.Currently this course is taught using Swift 2. The team is aware of the release of Swift 3 and will be making edits to the course in time. Please be aware that at this time the instruction is entirely with Swift 2.;
In the cloud networking course, we will see what the network needs to do to enable cloud computing. We will explore current practice by talking to leading industry experts, as well as looking into interesting new research that might shape the cloud network’s future.This course will allow us to explore in-depth the challenges for cloud networking—how do we build a network infrastructure that provides the agility to deploy virtual networks on a shared infrastructure, that enables both efficient transfer of big data and low latency communication, and that enables applications to be federated across countries and continents? Examining how these objectives are met will set the stage for the rest of the course.This course places an emphasis on both operations and design rationale—i.e., how things work and why they were designed this way. We're excited to start the course with you and take a look inside what has become the critical communications infrastructure for many applications today.;
How can robots determine their state and properties of the surrounding environment from noisy sensor measurements in time?  In this module you will learn how to get robots to incorporate uncertainty into estimating and learning from a dynamic and changing world.  Specific topics that will be covered include probabilistic generative models, Bayesian filtering for localization and mapping.;
本系列課程從零開始，教授一般認為最適合初學者的程式語言「Python」，目標是讓大家在完成本課程之後，一方面獲得程式設計與運算思維的基本概念，一方面也能獨立寫出能解決運算問題的程式。本課程和一般程式設計課程最不同的地方，在於它是以解決商管領域的運算問題為導向，因此課程不會只含有質因數分解、紅球白球排列組合、三角不等式、萬年曆、數字排序等傳統程式設計課程的範例與作業，而是包含了生產、物流、存貨、投資、定價等問題，讓大家在學會程式設計的同時，也直接體會程式設計與資訊技術在商管領域的各種應用。本系列課程共分為三門課程。本門課程做為第一門課程，將介紹程式設計的基本觀念、Python 語言的基本語法、選擇、迴圈、清單，並以作業管理領域的一些簡單演算法作結。;
In this Capstone course, you will design a microcontroller-based embedded system. As an option, you can also build and test a system. The focus of your project will be to design the system so that it can be built on a low-cost budget for a real-world application. To complete this project you'll need to use all the skills you've learned in the course (programming microcontrollers, system design, interfacing, etc.). The project will include some core requirements, but leave room for your creativity in how you approach the project. In the end, you will produce a unique final project, suitable for showcasing to future potential employers.  Note that for the three required assignments you do NOT need to purchase software and hardware to complete this course. There is an optional fourth assignment for students who wish to build and demonstrate their system using an Arduino or Raspberry Pi. Please also note that this course does not include discussion forums.Upon completing this course, you will be able to:1.       Write a requirements specification document2.       Create a system-level design3.       Explore design options4.       Create a test plan;
Neste curso, assumimos que você já sabe projetar e desenvolver programas mais complexos em Java, graças às boas práticas e princípios orientados a objetos, TDD e conceitos avançados de Java aplicados à Web e banco de dados exercitados nos cursos anteriores, mas você talvez não se sinta ainda confortável em planejar e gerenciar o desenvolvimento das aplicações com base em modernas práticas de modelagem ágil.O objetivo deste curso é expor você às principais técnicas e princípios de desenvolvimento ágil, em especial aos que se popularizaram pela sua utilização no framework Scrum e na metodologia XP (Extreme Programming). Apresentamos o Scrum&amp,XP, uma combinação apropriada do framework Scrum com a metodologia XP – Extreme Programming, sem no entanto afirmar que você estará aprendendo tudo sobre Scrum ou sobre XP.Os conceitos apresentados neste curso incluem o seguinte:* Manifesto ágil e princípios de desenvolvimento ágil* Requisitos de software na forma de user stories e backlog de produto* Eventos e reuniões do Scrum&amp,XP: Sprint, Sprint Planning, Planning Poker, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review e Sprint Retrospective, TDD e Programação em Pares* Papéis do Scrum: Product Owner, Time de Desenvolvedores e Scrum Master* Tarefas, Sprint Backlog, Quadro de Tarefas e Diagrama BurndownAo final deste curso, você terá amadurecido de tal modo suas habilidades de programação que será capaz de implementar de modo ágil um sistema que incorpora um componente de gamificação constante do Trabalho de Conclusão do Programa de Cursos Integrados, com base nas boas práticas ágeis exercitadas neste curso com o Scrum&amp,XP apresentado.Obs.: Embora o Programa de Cursos Integrados (descrito abaixo) seja sobre a linguagem Java no contexto de desenvolvimento ágil, neste curso em especial você poderá empregar a linguagem que desejar, embora incentivemos que os alunos dos cursos anteriores do programa faça uso do Java, pois será uma oportunidade muito enriquecedora de praticar TDD com Java da maneira que se faz na indústria de software.-- ---  ----coursera.org: ITAPrograma de Cursos Integrados: Programação Java e Modelagem ÁgilCurso 1: Orientação a Objetos com JavaCurso 2: TDD – Desenvolvimento de Software Guiado por TestesCurso 3: Desenvolvimento Ágil com Java AvançadoCurso 4: Princípios de Desenvolvimento Ágil de SoftwareCurso 5: Desenvolvimento Ágil com Padrões de ProjetoCurso 6: Técnicas Avançadas para Projeto de SoftwareCurso 7: Arquitetura de Software em Projetos ÁgeisProjeto Final: Aplicativo para Web com Componente Gamificado;
The course will begin with what is familiar to many business managers and those who have taken the first two courses in this specialization. The first set of tools will explore data description, statistical inference, and regression. We will extend these concepts to other statistical methods used for prediction when the response variable is categorical such as win-don’t win an auction. In the next segment, students will learn about tools used for identifying important features in the dataset that can either reduce the complexity or help identify important features of the data or further help explain behavior. ;
NaN;
This if the final course in the specialization which builds upon the knowledge learned in Python Programming Essentials, Python Data Representations, and Python Data Analysis.  We will learn how to install external packages for use within Python, acquire data from sources on the Web, and then we will clean, process, analyze, and visualize that data. This course will combine the skills learned throughout the specialization to enable you to write interesting, practical, and useful programs.By the end of the course, you will be comfortable installing Python packages, analyzing existing data, and generating visualizations of that data.  This course will complete your education as a scripter, enabling you to locate, install, and use Python packages written by others. You will be able to effectively utilize tools and packages that are widely available to amplify your effectiveness and write useful programs.;
Welcome to Asymmetric Cryptography and Key Management! In asymmetric cryptography or public-key cryptography, the sender and the receiver use a pair of public-private keys, as opposed to the same symmetric key, and therefore their cryptographic operations are asymmetric. This course will first review the principles of asymmetric cryptography and describe how the use of the pair of keys can provide different security properties. Then, we will study the popular asymmetric schemes in the RSA cipher algorithm and the Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange protocol and learn how and why they work to secure communications/access. Lastly, we will discuss the key distribution and management for both symmetric keys and public keys and describe the important concepts in public-key distribution such as public-key authority, digital certificate, and public-key infrastructure. This course also describes some mathematical concepts, e.g., prime factorization and discrete logarithm, which become the bases for the security of asymmetric primitives, and working knowledge of discrete mathematics will be helpful for taking this course, the Symmetric Cryptography course (recommended to be taken before this course) also discusses modulo arithmetic.This course is cross-listed and is a part of the two specializations, the Applied Cryptography specialization and the Introduction to Applied Cryptography specialization.;
In Spring 2011, thousands of people in Germany were hospitalized with a deadly disease that started as food poisoning with bloody diarrhea and often led to kidney failure. It was the beginning of the deadliest outbreak in recent history, caused by a mysterious bacterial strain that we will refer to as E. coli X. Soon, German officials linked the outbreak to a restaurant in Lübeck, where nearly 20% of the patrons had developed bloody diarrhea in a single week. At this point, biologists knew that they were facing a previously unknown pathogen and that traditional methods would not suffice – computational biologists would be needed to assemble and analyze the genome of the newly emerged pathogen.To investigate the evolutionary origin and pathogenic potential of the outbreak strain, researchers started a crowdsourced research program. They released bacterial DNA sequencing data from one of a patient, which elicited a burst of analyses carried out by computational biologists on four continents. They even used GitHub for the project: https://github.com/ehec-outbreak-crowdsourced/BGI-data-analysis/wikiThe 2011 German outbreak represented an early example of epidemiologists collaborating with computational biologists to stop an outbreak. In this Genome Assembly Programming Challenge, you will follow in the footsteps of the bioinformaticians investigating the outbreak by developing a program to assemble the genome of the E. coli X from millions of overlapping substrings of the E.coli X genome.;
Experienced Computer Scientists analyze and solve computational problems at a level of abstraction that is beyond that of any particular programming language.  This two-part course builds on the principles that you learned in our Principles of Computing course and is designed to train students in the mathematical concepts and process of "Algorithmic Thinking", allowing them to build simpler, more efficient solutions to real-world computational problems.In part 1 of this course, we will study the notion of algorithmic efficiency and consider its application to several problems from graph theory.  As the central part of the course, students will implement several important graph algorithms in Python and then use these algorithms to analyze two large real-world data sets.  The main focus of these tasks is to understand interaction between the algorithms and the structure of the data sets being analyzed by these algorithms.Recommended Background - Students should be comfortable writing intermediate size  (300+ line) programs in Python and have a basic understanding of searching, sorting, and recursion. Students should also have a solid math background that includes algebra, pre-calculus and a familiarity with the math concepts covered in "Principles of Computing".;
NaN;
This course is the fourth course in the specialization about learning how to develop video games using the C# programming language and the Unity game engine on Windows or Mac. Why use C# and Unity instead of some other language and game engine? Well, C# is a really good language for learning how to program and then programming professionally. Also, the Unity game engine is very popular with indie game developers, Unity games were downloaded 16,000,000,000 times in 2016! Finally, C# is one of the programming languages you can use in the Unity environment.This course assumes you have the prerequisite knowledge from the previous three courses in the specialization. You should make sure you have that knowledge, either by taking those previous courses or from personal experience, before tackling this course. The required prerequisite knowledge is listed in the "Who this class is for" section below. Throughout this course you'll build on your foundational C# and Unity knowledge by developing more robust games with better object-oriented designs using various data structures and design patterns.Data structures and design patterns are both general programming and software architecture topics that span all software, not just games. Although we'll discuss these ideas in the game domain, they also apply if you're writing a web app in ASP.NET, building a tool using WinForms, or any other software you decide to build. Module 1: Explore a Dynamic Array data structure and learn the basics of algorithm analysisModule 2: Learn about and use the common Linked List and Graph data structuresModule 3: Learn about and use several additional data structures: Stacks, Queues, and TreesModule 4: Learn why design patterns are so useful and discover a number of design patterns useful in game developmentModule 5: Complete final peer review“Unity” is a trademark or registered trademark of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere.This course is an independent work and is not sponsored by, authorized by, or affiliated with Unity Technologies or its affiliates;
Welcome to the Cloud Computing Applications course, the second part of a two-course series designed to give you a comprehensive view on the world of Cloud Computing and Big Data!In this second course we continue Cloud Computing Applications by exploring how the Cloud opens up data analytics of huge volumes of data that are static or streamed at high velocity and represent an enormous variety of information. Cloud applications and data analytics represent a disruptive change in the ways that society is informed by, and uses information. We start the first week by introducing some major systems for data analysis including Spark and the major frameworks and distributions of analytics applications including Hortonworks, Cloudera, and MapR. By the middle of week one we introduce the HDFS distributed and robust file system that is used in many applications like Hadoop and finish week one by exploring the powerful MapReduce programming model and how distributed operating systems like YARN and Mesos support a flexible and scalable environment for Big Data analytics. In week two, our course introduces large scale data storage and the difficulties and problems of consensus in enormous stores that use quantities of processors, memories and disks. We discuss eventual consistency, ACID, and BASE and the consensus algorithms used in data centers including Paxos and Zookeeper. Our course presents Distributed Key-Value Stores and in memory databases like Redis used in data centers for performance. Next we present NOSQL Databases. We visit HBase, the scalable, low latency database that supports database operations in applications that use Hadoop. Then again we show how Spark SQL can program SQL queries on huge data. We finish up week two with a presentation on Distributed Publish/Subscribe systems using Kafka, a distributed log messaging system that is finding wide use in connecting Big Data and streaming applications together to form complex systems. Week three moves to fast data real-time streaming and introduces Storm technology that is used widely in industries such as Yahoo. We continue with Spark Streaming, Lambda and Kappa architectures, and a presentation of the Streaming Ecosystem. Week four focuses on Graph Processing, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning. We introduce the ideas of graph processing and present Pregel, Giraph, and Spark GraphX. Then we move to machine learning with examples from Mahout and Spark. Kmeans, Naive Bayes, and fpm are given as examples. Spark ML and Mllib continue the theme of programmability and application construction. The last topic we cover in week four introduces Deep Learning technologies including Theano, Tensor Flow, CNTK, MXnet, and Caffe on Spark.;
Welcome to Rapid Gameplay Prototyping, the first course in Unity's Gameplay Programming Specialization! This course is exam preparation for Unity's Expert Gameplay Programmer Certification Exam. This course will challenge you with a series of realistic programming problems in Unity video-game projects, inspired by one or more of the topics covered in the Expert Gameplay Programmer Exam. Throughout this course, you will work on a 2D “infinite platformer” game project. This will help you practice prototyping core game play mechanics, including scripting GameObjects and their components, coordinating UI systems, and implementing UI scripting. You will also identify conflicts and implement solutions during the prototype stage. This is an advanced-level course, intended for industry game developers or very experienced Unity enthusiasts who are looking to “level-up” their gameplay programming and implementation strategies. To succeed in this courses, you should have at least 2-3 years of experience developing games with Unity. You should be familiar with the full-game lifecycle (working from early concept to launch), creating and working with Prefabs, understanding game asset and animation pipelines, and have some experience with Unity Services. You should also have advanced programming skills, particularly in the C# language.;
Всем привет! Добро пожаловать на курс "Введение в язык Котлин". Данный курс рассчитан на студентов, только начинающих своё знакомство с программированием и незнакомых или почти незнакомых с языками Котлин и Java.В рамках этого модуля вы познакомитесь со следующими аспектами языка Котлин:* Базовые типы данных: целый, вещественный, логический, символьный, строковый* Структуры данных: списки, массивы, ассоциативные массивы, множества* Объявление и использование функций и переменных* Основные операторы: if, when, for, while, do/while, try/catch* Использование рекурсии* Текстовый ввод-вывод* Простейшие файловые операции* Исключения и обработка ошибок* Элементы функционального программирования: функции высших порядков, лямбдыПосле прохождения этого курса вы будете иметь достаточно знаний для того, чтобы решать с помощью языка Котлин простые и практически полезные задачи, кроме того, данный курс подготовит вас к дальнейшему изучению интересного мира программирования.Студентам, уже знакомым с языком Java и желающим познакомиться с языком Котлин, рекомендуем вместо этого модуля воспользоваться модулем "Kotlin for Java Developers" (https://www.coursera.org/learn/kotlin-for-java-developers), а также туториалами на официальном сайте языка Котлин (https://kotlinlang.org/docs/tutorials/). Студентам, не знакомым с языком Java, но имеющим значительный опыт в других языках программирования, рекомендуем сперва познакомиться с языком Java, например, при помощи курса "Java Programming: Solving Problems with Software" (https://www.coursera.org/learn/java-programming).Курс создан при поддержке компании JetBrains.;
NaN;
NaN;
This course starts you on your journey learning about computational thinking and beginning C programming. If you’d like to explore how we can interact with the world in a rigorous, computational way, and would also like to start learning to program, this is the course for you!You may have heard lots of talk about computational thinking recently, but if you ask 10 different people what it is you’ll probably get 10 different answers. Rather than trying to define computational thinking, we’ll just say it’s a problem-solving process that includes lots of different components. In this course, we’ll explore algorithms and data collection.Most people have a better understanding of what beginning C programming means! You’ll start learning how to develop C programs in this course by writing your first C program, learning about data types, variables, and constants, and honing your C programming skills by implementing a variety of STEM computations. This course doesn't assume you have any previous programming experience, so don't worry if you've never written code before.If that all sounds interesting to you, go ahead and jump into the course!Caution: Beginning (assuming no prior programming knowledge) is not the same as easy (not hard to do). Learning to program IS hard to do, especially since the courses in this specialization are built from a freshman-level college course. Meeting the course challenges while you master the material will be rewarding to you, but doing that will require hard work and maybe even a few expletives along the way.Module 1: Learn about algorithms and write your first C programModule 2: Discover how we store data in our programsModule 3: Explore how we use data collection to solve problems and answer questionsModule 4: Practice writing C programs to implement STEM computations;
This course introduces you to the design and implementation of Android applications for mobile devices. You will develop an app from scratch, assuming a basic knowledge of Java, and learn how to set up Android Studio, work with various Activities and create simple user interfaces to make your apps run smoothly.;
This class provides a series of Python programming exercises intended to explore the use of numerical modeling in the Earth system and climate sciences.  The scientific background for these models is presented in a companion class, Global Warming I: The Science and Modeling of Climate Change.  This class assumes that you are new to Python programming (and this is indeed a great way to learn Python!), but that you will be able to pick up an elementary knowledge of Python syntax from another class or from on-line tutorials.;
In this course, you will engage in developing and strengthening the functional component of your career brand. Acting as “your own Chief Executive Officer” (P. Drucker), you will learn how to use strategic management models and techniques for enhancing your skills portfolio. You will learn how to increase your human capital by developing and documenting high-demand marketable skills. After completing this course, you will be able to: - Implement business strategy and models and tools, such as benchmarking and SWOT analysis, for identifying and analyzing your competitive strengths and addressing competency gaps in a skill-based, competitive job selection context, - Understand evidence-based, data-driven skill assessment methodologies and techniques, - Select appropriate assessment tools and apply them for a thorough, accurate, evidence-based and data driven self-assessment of your transferable skills, - Create your critical competency profile ("The Self-Assessment Grid for Evaluation, or SAGE") and use it as an effective instrument for an objective, 360 degree self-assessment of your competitive strengths and competency gaps, - Create and use an effective instrument for organizing, directing and monitoring your skill-building activities (“The Skill-Building Dashboard, or Skill-Builder”), - Develop an effective tool (“The T-Portfolio”) for gathering and organizing samples of standards, best practices, assessment instruments and techniques in your chosen field, - Effectively organize your self-management information system to systematically collect and analyze job-related data, evaluate and assess required competencies and skills, develop and implement plans for self-improvement, and monitor your progress, - Develop and implement a realistic performance metric for your career development activities ("Your Present Job Market Value"), - Engage in self-coaching to support active self-development.;
This two-part course introduces the basic mathematical and programming principles that underlie much of Computer Science. Understanding these principles is crucial to the process of creating efficient and well-structured solutions for computational problems.  To get hands-on experience working with these concepts, we will use the Python programming language. The main focus of the class will be weekly mini-projects that build upon the mathematical and programming principles that are taught in the class. To keep the class fun and engaging, many of the projects will involve working with strategy-based games.In part 2 of this course,  the programming portion of the class will focus on concepts such as recursion, assertions, and invariants. The mathematical portion of the class will focus on searching, sorting, and recursive data structures.  Upon completing this course, you will have a solid foundation in the principles of computation and programming.  This will prepare you for the next course in the specialization, which will begin to introduce a structured approach to developing and analyzing algorithms.  Developing such algorithmic thinking skills will be critical to writing large scale software and solving real world computational problems.;
Ce cours introduit la programmation orientée objet (encapsulation, abstration, héritage, polymorphisme) en l'illustrant en langage C++. Il présuppose connues les bases de la programmation (variables, types, boucles, fonctions, ...). Il est conçu comme la suite du cours « Initiation à la programmation (en C++) ».Comme son prédécesseur, ce cours s'appuie  sur de nombreux éléments pédagogiques : vidéos sous-titrées, quizz dans et hors vidéos, exercices, devoirs notés automatiquement, notes de cours.;
Mathematical Matrix Methods lie at the root of most methods of machine learning and data analysis of tabular data.  Learn the basics of Matrix Methods, including matrix-matrix multiplication, solving linear equations, orthogonality, and best least squares approximation.   Discover the Singular Value Decomposition that plays a fundamental role in dimensionality reduction, Principal Component Analysis, and noise reduction.  Optional examples using Python are used to illustrate the concepts and allow the learner to experiment with the algorithms.;
接續用 Python 做商管程式設計（一）的內容，我們將在這個課程中繼續探討Python語言中的許多核心觀念，包含函數、字串、常用的資料結構、檔案讀寫、例外處理等。最後以一個財金資料分析的例子總結。完成本次課程之後，你將會對Python有更深入的了解，並且可以利用Python實際處理一些簡單的資料分析問題。;
本系列課程從零開始，教授一般認為最適合初學者的程式語言「Python」，目標是讓大家在完成本課程之後，一方面獲得程式設計與運算思維的基本概念，一方面也能獨立寫出能解決運算問題的程式。本課程和一般程式設計課程最不同的地方，在於它是以解決商管領域的運算問題為導向，因此課程不會只含有質因數分解、紅球白球排列組合、三角不等式、萬年曆、數字排序等傳統程式設計課程的範例與作業，而是包含了生產、物流、存貨、投資、定價等問題，讓大家在學會程式設計的同時，也直接體會程式設計與資訊技術在商管領域的各種應用。本系列課程共分為三門課程。本門課程做為第三門課程，將介紹類別與物件、以 Python 繪製統計圖表、程式演算在經濟學均衡分析的應用，以及圖形化使用者介面的設計。;
This course focuses on one of the most important tools in your data analysis arsenal: regression analysis. Using either SAS or Python, you will begin with linear regression and then learn how to adapt when two variables do not present a clear linear relationship. You will examine multiple predictors of your outcome and be able to identify confounding variables, which can tell a more compelling story about your results. You will learn the assumptions underlying regression analysis, how to interpret regression coefficients, and how to use regression diagnostic plots and other tools to evaluate the quality of your regression model. Throughout the course, you will share with others the regression models you have developed and the stories they tell you.;
如果说学习过《计算导论与C语言基础》，你已经迈入了C语言的殿堂，那么《C程序设计进阶》将帮助你更上一层楼，理解“结构化程序设计的基本思想”，掌握“C程序设计的基本技巧”，养成“良好的编程习惯和编程风格”，编写出“真正具有生命力的计算机程序”。完成这门课的学习，你将能解释C程序设计语言的基本概念与知识，并且使用C语言编写计算机程序解决生活工作中的实际问题。;
In this course, you will develop more advanced web application programming skills. You will learn how to control data read and write access using methods, publish and subscribe. You will learn how to access your database and server shells using command line tools. You will use the SimpleSchema system to validate data and generate input forms automatically. You will see a complete collaborative code editing environment, TextCircle, being built from scratch. At the end of this course, you will be able to:- use Meteor methods to control data write access- use publish and subscribe to control data read access- install and use advanced Meteor packages- add user accounts to your applications- implement complex MongoDB filters- use the MongoDB and meteor server shells- define data validations schemas using SimpleSchema- generate data input forms automatically using SimpleSchemaIn this course, you will complete:2 programming assignments taking ~4 hours each to complete4 quizzes, each taking ~20 minutes to completemultiple practice quizzes, each taking ~5 minutes to completeParticipation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for University of London programmes;
;
Many real-world algorithmic problems cannot be solved efficiently using traditional algorithmic tools, for example because the problems are NP-hard. The goal of this course is to become familiar with important algorithmic concepts and techniques needed to effectively deal with such problems. These techniques apply when we don't require the optimal solution to certain problems, but an approximation that is close to the optimal solution. We will see how to efficiently find such approximations. Prerequisites:In order to successfully take this course, you should already have a basic knowledge of algorithms and mathematics. Here's a short list of what you are supposed to know:- O-notation, Ω-notation, Θ-notation, how to analyze algorithms- Basic calculus: manipulating summations, solving recurrences, working with logarithms, etc.- Basic probability theory: events, probability distributions, random variables, expected values etc.- Basic data structures: linked lists, stacks, queues, heaps- (Balanced) binary search trees- Basic sorting algorithms, for example MergeSort, InsertionSort, QuickSort- Graph terminology, representations of graphs (adjacency lists and adjacency matrix), basic graph algorithms (BFS, DFS, topological sort, shortest paths)The material for this course is based on the course notes that can be found under the resources tab.  We will not cover everything from the course notes. The course notes are there both for students who did not fully understand the lectures as well as for students who would like to dive deeper into the topics.The video lectures contain a few very minor mistakes. A list of these mistakes can be found under resources (in the document called "Errata"). If you think you found an error, report a problem by clicking the square flag at the bottom of the lecture or quiz where you found the error.;
NaN;
NaN;
Experienced Computer Scientists analyze and solve computational problems at a level of abstraction that is beyond that of any particular programming language.  This two-part class is designed to train students in the mathematical concepts and process of "Algorithmic Thinking", allowing them to build simpler, more efficient solutions to computational problems.In part 2 of this course, we will study advanced algorithmic techniques such as divide-and-conquer and dynamic programming.  As the central part of the course, students will implement several algorithms in Python that incorporate these techniques and then use these algorithms to analyze two large real-world data sets.  The main focus of these tasks is to understand interaction between the algorithms and the structure of the data sets being analyzed by these algorithms.Once students have completed this class, they will have both the mathematical and programming skills to analyze, design, and program solutions to a wide range of computational problems.  While this class will use Python as its vehicle of choice to practice Algorithmic Thinking, the concepts that you will learn in this class transcend any particular programming language.;
Курс разработан Самарским национальным исследовательским университетом имени академика С.П. Королева при поддержке Национального исследовательского Томского государственного университета.Курс посвящен методам решения олимпиадных задач по программированию. В настоящее время соревнования по информатике и программированию очень популярны среди школьников и студентов. Дипломы олимпиад и умение решать алгоритмические задачи помогают абитуриентам поступить в престижные вузы, а студентам - устроиться на работу в ведущие российские и зарубежные IT-компании.По своему уровню курс ориентирован на начинающих участников олимпиад. Он подойдет школьникам, студентам, учителям информатики и программистам - любителям нестандартных задач. В курсе разбираются методы, которым редко уделяется внимание в школе или в вузе, но которые очень важны для успешных выступлений на олимпиадах попрограммированию. При прохождении курса вы научитесь:-реализовывать перебор,-применять жадные алгоритмы и динамическое программирование,-использовать битовые маски.Все методы объясняются на примерах конкретных задач и отрабатываются на практике.Для освоения курса необходимо владеть каким-либо языком программирования на базовом уровне (ветвление, циклы, массивы, процедуры и функции). В лекциях даются примеры на C++, но для выполнения заданий можно использовать любые язык программирования и среду разработки: вы будете запускать решения на своем компьютере и отправлять ответы.По завершении этого курса учащиеся смогут решать олимпиадные задачи по основным разделам курса:реализовывать перебор, применять жадные алгоритмы и динамическое программирование, использовать битовые маски.Федеральное государственное автономное образовательное учреждение высшего образования «Самарский национальный исследовательский университет имени академика С.П. Королева» - один из ведущих российских университетов. Статус Самарского университета закреплен в нормативных документах Правительства РФ и признан академическим сообществом.Это передовой научно-образовательный центр в сфере аэрокосмических исследований и технологий. Университет реализует образовательные и исследовательские программы в различных областях естественных и социально-гуманитарных наук, экономики и правоведения.Самарский университет входит в число 29 национальных исследовательских университетов России, 21 участника «Проекта 5-100» - российской инициативы академического превосходства, направленной на повышение конкурентоспособности ведущих университетов нашей страны на мировом уровне.Университет входит в наиболее авторитетные мировые рейтинги - QS и Times Higher Education, где Россию представляют всего 27 университетов.Научно-образовательная деятельность Самарского университета охватывает аэрокосмические технологии, двигателестроение, современные методы обработки информации, фотонику, материаловедение, а также фундаментальные технические и естественные науки.Помимо инженерно-технических направлений, университет реализует образовательные и исследовательские программы в других областях, включая правоведение, экономику, менеджмент, лингвистику, исторические и социальные науки.;
Курс включает рассмотрение всех основных этапов статистического анализа, начиная от изучения предметной области и правильного сбора данных, заканчивая оценкой адекватности построенной модели и ее интерпретации на языке исходной проблемы. Программа курса построена таким образом, что, начинаясь с основ, будет понятна и доступна слушателям, не имеющим специальной подготовки в области статистического анализа. Однако, по мере продвижения и углубления, в рамках программы рассматриваются более серьезные и глубокие методы исследования. В рамках курса слушатели приобретут базовые навыки работы в программах статистической обработки данных SPSS, Statistica, особый акцент делается на пакет R.Возможна разработка заданий различной сложности для слушателей различного уровня подготовки. Цель: ознакомить слушателей с основными статистическими методами, применяемыми при анализе данных в различных областях гуманитарных наук, психологии, социологии, лингвистики и пр., научить решать задачи статистического анализа данных, начиная от формулирования исходных задач соответствующей предметной области на языке прикладной статистики, выбора методов решения и критериев качества полученных решений и заканчивая формулировкой полученных выводов на языке предметной области.По итогам курса слушатели смогут:1. Проводить предварительную обработку данных для статистических исследований2. Применять статистические методы для анализа данных3. Применять пакеты прикладных программ для реализации статистических методов4. Интерпретировать полученные результатыСертификат о прохождении данного курса дает дополнительные баллы при поступлении в магистратуру Национального исследовательского Томского государственного университета. Перечень магистерских программ находится по ссылке: https://pro-online.tsu.ru/edu/student/table.php;
This is the final course in the C# Programming for Unity Game Development specialization. In this course, you'll implement your own small game using C# and Unity from your initial idea to full implementation. You may already have an idea in mind, but if not, I'll provide a number of suggested games for an 8-week course that assumes you've learned the material in the previous 4 courses in the specialization.Your game won't be commercial-quality, that would be unreasonable after learning about C# programming and Unity game development for a few months. It takes my UCCS students 4 years of courses and experience to get to the point where they can build a commercial-quality game in the senior capstone project. On the other hand, building your own game is the culmination of the material you've learned in the previous courses in the specialization.That's a great thing to do!Module 1: Develop a planning document for your gameModule 2: Develop a prototype of your gameModule 3: Implement the menu and difficulty systems in your gameModule 4: Implement Iteration 1 of your gameModule 5: Implement Iteration 2 of your gameModule 6: Finish implementing your game for beta testingModule 7: Conduct beta testing and modify your game as appropriateModule 8: Complete final peer review“Unity” is a trademark or registered trademark of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere.This course is an independent work and is not sponsored by, authorized by, or affiliated with Unity Technologies or its affiliates;
In the Capstone project, you have to design an investment plan for an individual at three different stages of his life. Depending on the stage of his life the individuals biases, risk preferences and wealth requirements change. You have to keep in mind all of these and design an appropriate investment plan for each stage of his life. You will use the concepts learned in the 4 courses to achieve this target. You should consider different assets and different markets to achieve the investors goals by building an optimal portfolio which matches his profile. In the end you should also evaluate the performance of his portfolio.;
This is the fourth course in the IBM AI Enterprise Workflow Certification specialization.    You are STRONGLY encouraged to complete these courses in order as they are not individual independent courses, but part of a workflow where each course builds on the previous ones. Course 4 covers the next stage of the workflow, setting up models and their associated data pipelines for a hypothetical streaming media company.  The first topic covers the complex topic of evaluation metrics, where you will learn best practices for a number of different metrics including regression metrics, classification metrics, and multi-class metrics, which you will use to select the best model for your business challenge.  The next topics cover best practices for different types of models including linear models, tree-based models, and neural networks.  Out-of-the-box Watson models for natural language understanding and visual recognition will be used.  There will be case studies focusing on natural language processing and on image analysis to provide realistic context for the model pipelines. By the end of this course you will be able to:Discuss common regression, classification, and multilabel classification metricsExplain the use of linear and logistic regression in supervised learning applicationsDescribe common strategies for grid searching and cross-validationEmploy evaluation metrics to select models for production useExplain the use of tree-based algorithms in supervised learning applicationsExplain the use of Neural Networks in supervised learning applicationsDiscuss the major variants of neural networks and recent advancesCreate a neural net model in TensorflowCreate and test an instance of Watson Visual RecognitionCreate and test an instance of Watson NLUWho should take this course?This course targets existing data science practitioners that have expertise building machine learning models, who want to deepen their skills on building and deploying AI in large enterprises. If you are an aspiring Data Scientist, this course is NOT for you as you need real world expertise to benefit from the content of these courses. What skills should you have?It is assumed that you have completed Courses 1 through 3 of the IBM AI Enterprise Workflow specialization and you have a solid understanding of the following topics prior to starting this course: Fundamental understanding of Linear Algebra, Understand sampling, probability theory, and probability distributions, Knowledge of descriptive and inferential statistical concepts, General understanding of machine learning techniques and best practices, Practiced understanding of Python and the packages commonly used in data science: NumPy, Pandas, matplotlib, scikit-learn, Familiarity with IBM Watson Studio, Familiarity with the design thinking process.;
Engineering Maintainable Android Apps, which is a 4 week MOOC that shows by example various methods for engineering maintainable Android apps, including test-driven development methods and how to develop/run unit tests using JUnit and Robotium (or equivalent automated testing frameworks for Android), as well as how to successfully apply common Java/Android software patterns to improve the extensibility and clarity of Android apps. Students will work on the appropriate automated unit quizzes, based on the material covered in the lecture videos. These lessons will demonstrate the benefits of good software engineering practices that are targeted at creating maintainable code for mobile apps.There will be roughly 3-4 hours of student engagement time per week, including video lectures, and quizzes. The ordering of the modules within the course is designed to be flexible.  In particular, students can watch the videos in whatever order suits their experience and needs, e.g., they may want to watch the unit testing videos prior to the software pattern videos if they prefer to learn about unit testing first.;
In this Capstone project for the Photo Tourist you will implement a Ruby on Rails web application that makes use of both a relational and NoSQL database for the backend and expose the data through services to the Internet using Web services and a responsive user interface operating in a browser from a desktop and mobile device. You will have a chance to revisit and apply what you have learned in our previous courses to build and deploy a fully functional web application to the cloud accessible to your co-workers, future employers, friends, and family.In developing the Photo Tourist web application, you will get to work with different data types and data access scenarios (e.g., fielded data display and update, image upload/download, text search, access controlled information) to provide your users the ability to show off their photos and information from trips they have taken and to seek out photos and information from trips taken by others. Using the application you develop, your users will be able to•	Create an account•	Upload and download photos to the site and make them accessible to others•	Provide descriptions of trips and photos that others can read•	Organize photos by location and trip, •	Find photos based on location•	Find photos based on text searches of descriptions •	Locate the place where the photo was taken on a map;
Welcome to NPC Programming, the third course in Unity's Gameplay Programming Specialization! This course is exam preparation for Unity's Expert Gameplay Programmer Certification Exam. This course will challenge you with a series of realistic programming problems in Unity video-game projects, inspired by one or more of the topics covered in the Expert Gameplay Programmer Exam. Throughout this course, you will work on a 3D “Dual-Stick Survivor” game project. This will help you practice programming NPCs within games, including scripting NPC logic and behavior, navigation and pathfinding, raycasting, and NPC spawning and placement.  This is an advanced-level course, intended for industry game developers or very experienced Unity enthusiasts who are looking to “level-up” their gameplay programming and implementation strategies. To succeed in this courses, you should have at least 2-3 years of experience developing games with Unity. You should be familiar with the full-game lifecycle (working from early concept to launch), creating and working with Prefabs, understanding game asset and animation pipelines, and have some experience with Unity Services. You should also have advanced programming skills, particularly in the C# language.;
In our 6 week Robotics Capstone, we will give you a chance to implement a solution for a real world problem based on the content you learnt from the courses  in your robotics specialization. It  will also give you a chance to use mathematical and programming methods that researchers use in robotics labs. You will choose from two tracks - In the simulation track, you will use Matlab to simulate a mobile inverted pendulum or MIP. The material required for this capstone track is based on courses in mobility, aerial robotics, and estimation. In the hardware track  you will need to purchase and assemble a rover kit, a raspberry pi, a pi camera, and IMU to allow your rover to navigate autonomously through your own environmentHands-on programming experience will demonstrate that you have acquired the foundations of robot movement, planning, and perception, and that you are able to translate them to a variety of practical applications in real world problems.  Completion of the capstone will better prepare you to enter the field of Robotics as well as an expansive and growing number of other career paths where robots are changing the landscape of nearly every industry.Please refer to the syllabus below for a week by week breakdown of each track.Week 1IntroductionMIP Track: Using MATLAB for Dynamic SimulationsAR Track: Dijkstra's and Purchasing the KitQuiz: A1.2 Integrating an ODE with MATLABProgramming Assignment: B1.3 Dijkstra's Algorithm in PythonWeek 2MIP Track: PD Control for Second-Order SystemsAR Track: Assembling the RoverQuiz: A2.2 PD TrackingQuiz: B2.10 Demonstrating your Completed RoverWeek 3MIP Track: Using an EKF to get scalar orientation from an IMUAR Track: CalibrationQuiz: A3.2 EKF for Scalar Attitude EstimationQuiz: B3.8 CalibrationWeek 4MIP Track: Modeling a Mobile Inverted Pendulum (MIP)AR Track: Designing a Controller for the RoverQuiz: A4.2 Dynamical simulation of a MIPPeer Graded Assignment: B4.2 Programming a Tag Following AlgorithmWeek 5MIP Track: Local linearization of a MIP and linearized controlAR Track: An Extended Kalman Filter for State EstimationQuiz: A5.2 Balancing Control of a MIPPeer Graded Assignment: B5.2 An Extended Kalman Filter for State EstimationWeek 6MIP Track: Feedback motion planning for the MIPAR Track: IntegrationQuiz: A6.2 Noise-Robust Control and Planning for the MIPPeer Graded Assignment: B6.2 Completing your Autonomous Rover;
In this MOOC, we learn RBAC and ABAC access control to facilitate the specification and management of  access policies. We learn examples of how RBAC is supported by modern systems such as Docker and AWS IAM. We learn XACML 3.0 and an ABAC implementation for controling secure access to web documents and network resources with attribute certificates, and XACML architecture components.   We show how to exhance the data security with GeoEncryption, Secure Enhanced Geolocking, and R2D2  concepts which deliver data to right places via right path.  We show how Google Map and Web Crytpo API can be integrated for encrypted document on web browser without download apps and associate them with geolocking area to restrict unauthorize and improper accesses.;
This course covers the essential information that every serious programmer needs to know about algorithms and data structures, with emphasis on applications and scientific performance analysis of Java implementations. Part I covers elementary data structures, sorting, and searching algorithms. Part II focuses on graph- and string-processing algorithms.All the features of this course are available for free.  It does not offer a certificate upon completion.;
This course covers the essential information that every serious programmer needs to know about algorithms and data structures, with emphasis on applications and scientific performance analysis of Java implementations. Part I covers elementary data structures, sorting, and searching algorithms. Part II focuses on graph- and string-processing algorithms.All the features of this course are available for free.  It does not offer a certificate upon completion.;
In this course you will learn about audio signal processing methodologies that are specific for music and of use in real applications. We focus on the spectral processing techniques of relevance for the description and transformation of sounds, developing the basic theoretical and practical knowledge with which to analyze, synthesize, transform and describe audio signals in the context of music applications.The course is based on open software and content. The demonstrations and programming exercises are done using Python under Ubuntu, and the references and materials for the course come from open online repositories. We are also distributing with open licenses the software and materials developed for the course.;
Approximation algorithms, Part IHow efficiently can you pack objects into a minimum number of boxes? How well can you cluster nodes so as to cheaply separate a network into components around a few centers? These are examples of NP-hard combinatorial optimization problems. It is most likely impossible to solve such problems efficiently, so our aim is to give an approximate solution that can be computed in polynomial time and that at the same time has provable guarantees on its cost relative to the optimum. This course assumes knowledge of a standard undergraduate Algorithms course, and particularly emphasizes algorithms that can be designed using linear programming, a favorite and amazingly successful technique in this area. By taking this course, you will be exposed to a range of problems at the foundations of theoretical computer science, and to powerful design and analysis techniques. Upon completion, you will be able to recognize, when faced with a new combinatorial optimization problem, whether it is close to one of a few known basic problems, and will be able to design linear programming relaxations and use randomized rounding to attempt to solve your own problem. The course content and in particular the homework is of a theoretical nature without any programming assignments.  This is the first of a two-part course on Approximation Algorithms.;
This course is the second course in the specialization exploring both computational thinking and beginning C programming. Rather than trying to define computational thinking, we’ll just say it’s a problem-solving process that includes lots of different components. Most people have a better understanding of what beginning C programming means!This course assumes you have the prerequisite knowledge from the previous course in the specialization. You should make sure you have that knowledge, either by taking that previous course or from personal experience, before tackling this course. The required prerequisite knowledge is listed below. Prerequisite computational thinking knowledge: Algorithms and procedures, data collectionPrerequisite C knowledge: Data types, variables, constants, and STEM computationsThroughout this course you'll learn about data analysis and data representation, which are computational thinking techniques that help us understand what sets of data have to tell us. For the programming topics, you'll continue building on your C knowledge by implementing selection, which lets us decide which code to execute, and iteration (or looping), which lets us repeat chunks of code multiple times.Module 1: Learn about some common statistics we can calculate as we analyze sets of dataModule 2: Discover how we make decisions in our codeModule 3: Explore the various ways we can represent sets of dataModule 4: Use iteration (looping) to repeat actions in your code;
This course introduces you to the design and implementation of Android applications for mobile devices. You will build upon concepts from the prior course, including handling notifications, using multimedia and graphics and incorporating touch and gestures into your apps.;
《Java程序设计》课程的主要目标有三： 一、掌握Java语言的语法，能够较为深入理解Java语言机制，掌握Java语言面向对象的特点。 二、掌握JavaSE中基本的API，掌握在集合、线程、输入输出、图形用户界面、网络等方面的应用。三、能够编写有一定规模的应用程序，养成良好的编程习惯，会使用重构、设计模式、单元测试等方式提高代码的质量。 本课程要求学习者有一定的程序设计基础，如学过C或者C++语言。;
Neste curso, assumimos que você já sabe projetar e desenvolver programas mais complexos em Java, graças às boas práticas e princípios orientados a objetos e TDD exercitados nos cursos anteriores, mas você talvez não se sinta ainda confortável em projetar programas para Web e com dados armazenados em banco de dados, bem como em aplicar conceitos mais avançados de Java.O objetivo deste curso é enriquecer sua experiência com conceitos avançados de Java, programação de aplicações Web e acesso a banco de dados no contexto de modelagem ágil.Os conceitos apresentados neste curso no contexto da programação Java incluem o seguinte: APIs fundamentais do Java: tipos genéricos, reflexão e anotações, expressões lambda do Java 8, aplicação Web com Java: Java Servlets, páginas JSP, padrão MVC e teste de aplicação Web com Selenium, e acesso a banco de dados em Java: JDBC, desenvolvimento de aplicação empresarial e testes com DBUnit.Ao final deste curso, você terá amadurecido de tal modo suas habilidades de programação que será capaz de implementar de modo ágil uma versão inicial da aplicação Web em associação com o componente de gamificação constantes do Trabalho de Conclusão da Especialização, com base nas boas práticas exercitadas neste curso.;
In the game design and development capstone, you will create an original game from initial concept through implementation and then launch it to the world! Along the way, you will have the opportunity to put your game ideas in front of your peers and for the best-of-the-best you will have the chance to get feedback from game industry professionals. The capstone experience gives you the opportunity to push your skills further and demonstrate your newfound skills as a game developer. The capstone also contains guest talks from game industry professionals at Riot Games, Deep Silver Volition, Iron Galaxy, Radiant Entertainment, Goodgame Studios, Stardock, GREE, Heart Shaped Games, Kongregate, and more.;
Approximation algorithms, Part 2This is the continuation of Approximation algorithms, Part 1. Here you will learn linear programming duality applied to the design of some approximation algorithms, and semidefinite programming applied to Maxcut.By taking the two parts of this course, you will be exposed to a range of problems at the foundations of theoretical computer science, and to powerful design and analysis techniques. Upon completion, you will be able to recognize, when faced with a new combinatorial optimization problem, whether it is close to one of a few known basic problems, and will be able to design linear programming relaxations and use randomized rounding to attempt to solve your own problem. The course content and in particular the homework is of a theoretical nature without any programming assignments.  This is the second of a two-part course on Approximation Algorithms.;
Presentaremos TensorFlow de bajo nivel y abordaremos las API y los conceptos necesarios para poder escribir modelos de aprendizaje automático distribuido. Con un modelo de TensorFlow, explicaremos cómo escalar de manera horizontal el entrenamiento de ese modelo y ofreceremos predicciones de alto rendimiento mediante Cloud Machine Learning Engine.Objetivos del curso:Crear modelos de aprendizaje automático en TensorFlowUsar las bibliotecas de TensorFlow para resolver problemas numéricosSolucionar problemas y depurar errores de código comunes de TensorFlowUsar tf_estimator para crear, entrenar y evaluar un modelo de AAEntrenar, implementar y llevar a producción modelos de AA a gran escala con Cloud ML Engine;
Important note: The second assignment in this course covers the topic of Graph Analysis in the Cloud, in which you will use Elastic MapReduce and the Pig language to perform graph analysis over a moderately large dataset, about 600GB. In order to complete this assignment, you will need to make use of Amazon Web Services (AWS). Amazon has generously offered to provide up to $50 in free AWS credit to each learner in this course to allow you to complete the assignment. Further details regarding the process of receiving this credit are available in the welcome message for the course, as well as in the assignment itself. Please note that Amazon, University of Washington, and Coursera cannot reimburse you for any charges if you exhaust your credit.While we believe that this assignment contributes an excellent learning experience in this course, we understand that some learners may be unable or unwilling to use AWS. We are unable to issue Course Certificates for learners who do not complete the assignment that requires use of AWS. As such, you should not pay for a Course Certificate in Communicating Data Results if you are unable or unwilling to use AWS, as you will not be able to successfully complete the course without doing so.Making predictions is not enough!  Effective data scientists know how to explain and interpret their results, and communicate findings accurately to stakeholders to inform business decisions.  Visualization is the field of research in computer science that studies effective communication of quantitative results by linking perception, cognition, and algorithms to exploit the enormous bandwidth of the human visual cortex.  In this course you will learn to recognize, design, and use effective visualizations.Just because you can make a prediction and convince others to act on it doesn’t mean you should.  In this course you will explore the ethical considerations around big data and how these considerations are beginning to influence policy and practice.   You will learn the foundational limitations of using technology to protect privacy and the codes of conduct emerging to guide the behavior of data scientists.  You will also learn the importance of reproducibility in data science and how the commercial cloud can help support reproducible research even for experiments involving massive datasets, complex computational infrastructures, or both.Learning Goals: After completing this course, you will be able to:1. Design and critique visualizations2. Explain the state-of-the-art in privacy, ethics, governance around big data and data science3. Use cloud computing to analyze large datasets in a reproducible way.;
System Validation is the field that studies the fundamentals of system communication and information processing. It is the next logical step in computer science and improving software development in general. It allows automated analysis based on behavioural models of a system to see if a system works correctly. We want to guarantee that the systems does exactly what it is supposed to do. The techniques put forward in system validation allow to prove the absence of errors. It allows to design embedded system behaviour that is structurally sound and as a side effect enforces you to make the behaviour simple and insightful. This means that the systems are not only behaving correctly, but are also much easier to maintain and adapt. ’Model process behaviour' is the follow up MOOC to 'Automata and behavioural equivalences'. This MOOC shows you how to model process behaviour, in particular protocols and distributed algorithms, dive deeper in the properties of system behaviour, and keep things simple to avoid a state space explosion. Reading material. J.F. Groote and M.R. Mousavi. Modeling and analysis of communicating systems. The MIT Press, 2014.This course is part 2 of the set of courses for System Validation. System Validation, as a set of courses, is part of a larger EIT Digital online programme called 'Internet of Things through Embedded Systems'.;
System Validation is the field that studies the fundamentals of system communication and information processing. It allows automated analysis based on behavioural models of a system to see if a system works correctly. We want to guarantee that the systems does exactly what it is supposed to do. The techniques put forward in system validation allow to prove the absence of errors. It allows to design embedded system behaviour that is structurally sound and as a side effect enforces you to make the behaviour simple and insightful. This means that the systems are not only behaving correctly, but are also much easier to maintain and adapt. ’Modeling Software Protocols, and other behaviour' demonstrates the power of formal methods in software modelling, communication protocols, and other examples. Reading material. J.F. Groote and M.R. Mousavi. Modeling and analysis of communicating systems. The MIT Press, 2014.;
O curso "Aprenda a ensinar programação com o Programaê!" tem como objetivo apoiar professores no desenvolvimento de suas aulas com o ‘Programaê!’, um movimento que quer aproximar a programação do cotidiano de jovens de todo o Brasil por meio de um portal prático, agregador de ideias, soluções, dicas e planos de aula estruturados para professores.Você não precisa ser programador ou entender de programação para fazer este curso! Nosso público-alvo são profissionais da educação (formal e não formal) que desejam desenvolver o pensamento lógico computacional de crianças, jovens e adultos utilizando os planos de aula do Programaê!Ao concluir este curso, os alunos serão capazes de: •	Apresentar o Programaê! e os objetivos do movimento,•	Definir qual é o papel da programação no desenvolvimento de habilidades e competências,•	Apresentar e explorar o code.org como aluno e como professor, criando turmas, gerenciando e acompanhando o progresso dos alunos,•	Entender como os planos de aula foram organizados e a importância do desenvolvimento de atividades desplugadas para o aprendizado dos conceitos da lógica de programação,Para ser certificado, o cursista deve obter 100% de aproveitamento nas avaliações, que são apresentadas em formato de teste, com possibilidade de mais de uma tentativa. Participe de outros cursos da Fundação Lemann no Coursera - https://www.coursera.org/lemann;
While most specializations on Coursera conclude with a project-based course, students in the "Fundamentals of Computing" specialization have completed more than 20+ projects during the first six courses of the specialization. Given that much of the material in these courses is reused from session to session, our goal in this capstone class is to provide a conclusion to the specialization that allows each student an opportunity to demonstrate their individual mastery of the material in the specialization.With this objective in mind, the focus in this Capstone class will be an exam whose questions are updated periodically. This approach is designed to help insure that each student is solving the exam problems on his/her own without outside help. For students that have done their own work, we do not anticipate that the exam will be particularly hard. However, those students who have relied too heavily on outside help in previous classes may have a difficult time. We believe that this approach will increase the value of the Certificate for this specialization.;
An introduction to the Swift programming language.  This will prepare you for more extensive iOS app development and build a foundation for advanced iOS development topics.Upon completing this course, you will be able to:1.       Associate the relationship of Swift and Objective-C and their use in iOS and Mac (OS X) programming2.       Develop the ability to read and write Swift code3.       Distinguish how both programming languages can be used together in applications4.       Demonstrate how to write applications entirely in Swift with the help from several iOS programming samples5.       Determine how Swift can be used for development on new platforms such as Apple Watch and Apple TV6.       Create a working client-server iPhone application with location services that you can add to your portfolio.;
如果将软件开发人员看作行走江湖的武侠，那么各种软件开发技术就是武侠赖以傍身的武术秘籍。有的秘籍以易学灵巧见长，练习者很快掌握，并有立竿见影的功效，但失之厚重持久；有的秘籍初学乍练顿显困难，虽冥思苦解仍不得要领，需坚持不断的内功修炼方成正果，却是成为武林大侠必备的至宝。本课程有些类似于后者。《面向对象技术高级课程》深入、系统、完整地讲解当今主流的面向对象软件开发方法的分析、设计、实现及重构方法，深入讲解UML语言的高级技术细节，以及近年来面向对象方法最新的发展趋势。课程集百家之所言，并结合主讲者最新的研究成果，并通过大量、丰富、完整、不同领域、应用不同技术的案例将其中的关键知识点串联起来，便于理解和应用。本课程并不拘限于某一特定的面向对象的编程语言的编程技巧，但却包含了基于当前主流的面向对象编程语言的多项完整案例。本课程引导选课同学从更为抽象和共性的模型角度描述现实世界和软件世界,即构建分析与设计模型，之后再将其落实到软件编程实现。这种工程化的理念对于开发大型、复杂、困难、攸关软件系统是非常必要的，也是作为高级程序员、系统分析师、软件架构师等高级软件技术职位所必需具有的素质。作为一门面向广大受众的中文MOOC课程，本次课程力求向不同需求和背景的朋友呈现中华文化氛围、生动有趣的案例、跨专业的广阔的视野、以及深入实用的技术综合。同时作为一门传授软件专门知识的MOOC课程，本次课程将为具有编程能力的同学带来有趣的软件开发项目作业，在实际的软件开发中感受学以致用的快乐，体会面向对象方法学的深刻内涵。本次课程仍将邀请面向对象领域著名学者北京大学信息科学技术学院邵维忠教授和麻志毅副教授讲解某些章节，并对面向对象方法学中的某些关键问题进行讨论。;
This course will teach you the basics of developing mobile applications using Mixed and Augmented Reality (MAR) technologies.Through hands-on projects, you’ll learn practical techniques to rapidly and easily prototype three different applications for Android smartphones and tablets – even with no previous coding experience.If you’re a creative entrepreneur, this is your ideal introduction to today’s trends in the products and technologies of the emerging augmented reality market.If you’re a journalist, media/content producer or teacher, you’ll discover how to augment print-based media with sounds, images and videos, and see how to create an augmented city map and geo-located augmented reality game for your audience.If you’re a web designer or app developer, you’ll gain a range of technological building blocks that you can integrate into your service portfolio.Whatever your background, you’ll learn how to design cutting-edge visual experiences that will enhance your job prospects.What you’ll learn•	All about the main MAR products and technologies on the market today•	How to build three different augmented reality applications using an augmented reality browser and authoring tools•	How to include image recognition and object tracking •	How to use geolocation functionality for outdoor augmented reality•	Details of the ISO-ARAF standard, an innovative language for representing augmented reality contentPrerequisites•	You don’t need any prior technical knowledge to take this course. •	If you’re familiar with markup languages (HTML, XML, etc) and content management systems, you may be more at ease  with the key concepts and techniques.This MOOC is supported by the Patrick and Lina Drahi Foundation.Follow us!Twitter : https://twitter.com/MOOCMARFacebook : https://www.facebook.com/MOOCMAR/;
In the Build Your Own iOS App capstone you will expand your repertoire of additional features and more advanced functions that may be implemented within the iOS environment. You will refine your development skill set and will apply your accumulated skills over the entire specialization series in an applied application development capstone project. This particular course is project based and structured around you building a high quality app as a capstone to the specialization.Currently this course is taught using Swift 2. The team is aware of the release of Swift 3 and will be making edits to the course in time. Please be aware that at this time the instruction is entirely with Swift 2.;
R Programming Capstone;
优化是决策的一般形式，在我们的社会中很常见。它的应用包括从求解数独谜题到婚礼上的座次安排。同样的技术可以调度航班和机组成员，协调钢铁生产，组织铁矿从矿井到港口的运输。人力资源和材料管理上好的决策可以令企业提升上百万的盈利。同样的问题很多也在我们日常生活出现，成为决定每天送货路线，决定学校时间表，传输电力到家里等种种问题的一部分。除了它们的重要性，这些问题如果用传统的本科计算机科学方法难以求解。这门课程为已经完成离散优化高阶篇的同学设计。请看这门课程的宣传视频：http://www.cpr.cuhk.edu.hk/cutv/detail/988;
In the capstone, students will engage on a real world project requiring them to apply skills from the entire data science pipeline: preparing, organizing, and transforming data, constructing a model, and evaluating results.    Through a collaboration with Coursolve, each Capstone project is associated with partner stakeholders who have a vested interest in your results and are eager to deploy them in practice.  These projects will not be straightforward and the outcome is not prescribed -- you will need to tolerate ambiguity and negative results!  But we believe the experience will be rewarding and will better prepare you for data science projects in practice.;
Google Cloud チームが提供する Coursera 専門講座、「From Data to Insights with Google Cloud Platform」へようこそ。データ エンスージアストの Evan Jones です。このコースのガイドを務めます。本専門講座のこの最初のコースは、「Exploring and Preparing your Data with BigQuery」です。ここでは、データ アナリストが共通して直面する課題と、その課題を Google Cloud Platform のビッグデータ ツールを使用して解決する方法を取り上げます。その過程で SQL を学習しながら、BigQuery と Cloud Dataprep を使用してデータセットを分析し、変換する方法について理解を深めます。  このコースは完了までに約 1 週間、合計 5～7 時間の作業時間を必要とします。修了すると、BigQuery 一般公開データセット内の何百万ものレコードに対してクエリを行い、分析情報を引き出せるようになります。データセットの品質を評価し、BigQuery に出力される自動データ クレンジング パイプラインを開発する方法を学習します。さらに、実際の Google アナリティクスの e コマース データセットで、マーケティング分析情報を得るための SQL の作成とトラブルシューティングの演習を行います。  &gt,&gt,&gt, この専門講座に登録すると、よくある質問に記載されているとおり Qwiklabs の利用規約に同意したことになります。詳細については、https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service をご覧ください。&lt,&lt,&lt,;
Kursus online ini akan membekali peserta dengan keterampilan untuk membuat solusi yang sangat andal dan efisien di Google Cloud Platform, menggunakan pola desain yang telah terbukti dan prinsip dari Google Site Reliability Engineering (SRE). Kursus ini merupakan kelanjutan dari kursus Membangun dengan Google Cloud Platform Specialization dan memberikan pengalaman interaktif dengan teknologi yang dibahas dalam kursus lain di spesialisasi tersebut.Melalui kombinasi presentasi, tantangan, dan praktik langsung, peserta belajar mendesain penerapan GCP yang sangat andal dan aman, serta mengoperasikan penerapan GCP dengan cara yang sangat tersedia dan hemat biaya.Kursus ini mengajarkan keterampilan berikut kepada peserta:● Mendesain untuk ketersediaan tinggi, skalabilitas, dan kemudahan pemeliharaan.● Mengevaluasi kelebihan dan kekurangan, serta membuat pilihan tepat antara berbagai produk Google Cloud Platform.● Mengintegrasikan resource lokal dan cloud.● Mengidentifikasi cara mengoptimalkan resource dan menghemat biaya.● Menerapkan proses yang dapat mengurangi periode nonaktif, seperti pemantauan dan pemberitahuan, pengujian integrasi dan unit, pengujian ketahanan produksi, serta analisis post-mortem insiden.● Menerapkan kebijakan yang dapat mengurangi risiko keamanan, seperti pengauditan, pemisahan tugas, dan hak istimewa terendah.● Menerapkan teknologi dan proses yang dapat menjamin kelangsungan bisnis jika terjadi bencana. Prasyarat● Telah menyelesaikan kursus Membangun dengan Google Cloud Platform Specialization yang sebelumnya atau yang setara● Menguasai kemahiran dasar dalam fitur command-line dan lingkungan sistem operasi Linux● Memiliki pengetahuan tentang Operasi Sistem termasuk menerapkan dan mengelola aplikasi, baik pada lingkungan lokal maupun cloud publik;
NaN;
This course introduces state-of-the-art techniques for automated analysis.  Automated analysis encompasses both approaches to automatically generate a very large number of tests to check whether programs meet requirements, and also means by which it is possible to *prove* that software meets requirements and that it is free from certain commonly-occurring defects, such as divide-by-zero, overflow/underflow, deadlock, race-condition freedom, buffer/array overflow, uncaught exceptions, and several other commonly-occurring bugs that can lead to program failures or security problems.  The learner will become familiar with the fundamental theory and applications of such approaches, and apply a variety of automated analysis techniques on example programs.After completing this course, a learner will be able to:- Understand the foundations of automated verification: randomization and symbolic representations- Distinguish the strengths and weaknesses of random testing, symbolic analysis, static analysis, and model checking- Use a variety of state-of-the-art static analysis and automated testing tools for automated verification- Create executable requirements as an oracle suitable for automated testing and symbolic analysis- Understand how the choice of oracle affects fault-finding for automated analysis strategies.- Use automated testing to achieve full mutation coverage- Create a test plan that utilizes both manually-written tests and automated tests towards maximizing rigor, minimizing effort and time, and minimizing test costs.This course is intended for learners interested in understanding the principles of automation and the application of tools  for analysis and testing of software  This knowledge would benefit several typical roles: Software Engineer, Software Engineer in Test, Test Automation Engineer, DevOps Engineer, Software Developer, Programmer, Computer Enthusiast. We expect that you have some familiarity with the Software development Life-Cycle, an understanding of the fundamentals of software testing, similar to what is covered in the Introduction to Software Testing and Black-box and White-Box Testing Courses.  Familiarity with an object-oriented language such as Java or ability to pick-up Java syntax quickly to write and modify code, and willingness to use tools and IDEs are assumed.;
この専門講座の 3 番目のコースは、「Achieving Advanced Insights with BigQuery」です。ここでは、高度なファンクションと、複雑なクエリを管理可能なステップに分割する方法を学びながら、SQL に関する知識を深めます。BigQuery の内部アーキテクチャ（列ベースのシャーディング ストレージ）についてや、ARRAY と STRUCT を使用した、ネストされたフィールドと繰り返しフィールドなどの高度な SQL トピックについて説明します。最後に、クエリのパフォーマンスを最適化する方法と、承認済みビューを使用してデータを保護する方法について説明します。  &gt,&gt,&gt, この専門講座に登録すると、よくある質問に記載されているとおり Qwiklabs の利用規約に同意したことになります。詳細については、https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service をご覧ください。&lt,&lt,&lt,;
NaN;
Formulate data questions, explore and visualize large datasets, and inform strategic decisions.In this Specialization, you’ll learn to frame business challenges as data questions. You’ll use powerful tools and methods such as Excel, Tableau, and MySQL to analyze data, create forecasts and models, design visualizations, and communicate your insights. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply your skills to explore and justify improvements to a real-world business process.The Capstone Project focuses on optimizing revenues from residential property, and Airbnb, our Capstone’s official Sponsor, provided input on the project design. Airbnb is the world’s largest marketplace connecting property-owner hosts with travelers to facilitate short-term rental transactions. The top 10 Capstone completers each year will have the opportunity to present their work directly to senior data scientists at Airbnb live for feedback and discussion.;
If you are a PwC Employee, gain access to the PwC Specialization and Courses for free using the instructions on the PwC L&amp,D Spark page or simply search "Coursera" on PwC Spark.This Specialization will help you get practical with data analysis, turning business intelligence into real-world outcomes. We'll explore how a combination of better understanding, filtering, and application of data can help you solve problems faster - leading to smarter and more effective decision-making. You’ll learn how to use Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, and other common data analysis and communication tools, and perhaps most importantly, we'll help you to present data to others in a way that gets them engaged in your story and motivated to act.What's more, should you enroll in these courses, you will be invited to join PwC's talent network. Those who opt into this talent network will receive information about PwC career opportunities, thought leadership, and happenings in the PwC global network.Please note: If you'd like to audit the courses in this Specialization, you'll need to enroll in each course separately and then you will see the audit option.This specialization was created by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP with an address at 300 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, 10017.;
In 2020 the world will generate 50 times the amount of data as in 2011. And 75 times the number of information sources (IDC, 2011). Being able to use this data provides huge opportunities and to turn these opportunities into reality, people need to use data to solve problems.This Specialization, in collaboration with Tableau, is intended for newcomers to data visualization with no prior experience using Tableau. We leverage Tableau's library of resources to demonstrate best practices for data visualization and data storytelling. You will view examples from real world business cases and journalistic examples from leading media companies.By the end of this specialization, you will be able to generate powerful reports and dashboards that will help people make decisions and take action based on their business data. You will use Tableau to create high-impact visualizations of common data analyses to help you see and understand your data. You will apply predicative analytics to improve business decision making. The Specialization culminates in a Capstone Project in which you will use sample data to create visualizations, dashboards, and data models to prepare a presentation to the executive leadership of a fictional company.;
Learn front-end and hybrid mobile development, with server-side support, for implementing a multi-platform solution.The first two courses in this Specialization cover front-end frameworks: Bootstrap 4 and React. You’ll also learn to create hybrid mobile applications, using React Native. On the server side, you’ll learn to implement NoSQL databases using MongoDB, work within a Node.js environment and Express framework, and communicate to the client side through a RESTful API. Learners enrolling in this Specialization are expected to have prior working knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript.Ideally learners should complete the courses in the specified sequence. It is strongly recommended that the React course be completed before proceeding with the React Native course.;
What are some of the most popular data science tools, how do you use them, and what are their features? In this course, you'll learn about Jupyter Notebooks, RStudio IDE, Apache Zeppelin and Data Science Experience. You will learn about what each tool is used for, what programming languages they can execute, their features and limitations. With the tools hosted in the cloud on Cognitive Class Labs, you will be able to test each tool and follow instructions to run simple code in Python, R or Scala. To end the course, you will create a final project with a Jupyter Notebook on IBM Data Science Experience and demonstrate your proficiency preparing a notebook, writing Markdown, and sharing your work with your peers.LIMITED TIME OFFER: Subscription is only $39 USD per month for access to graded materials and a certificate.;
Financial Engineering is a multidisciplinary field drawing from finance and economics, mathematics, statistics, engineering and computational methods. The emphasis of FE &amp, RM Part I will be on the use of simple stochastic models to price derivative securities in various asset classes including equities, fixed income, credit and mortgage-backed securities. We will also consider the role that some of these asset classes played during the financial crisis. A notable feature of this course will be an interview module with Emanuel Derman, the renowned ``quant'' and best-selling author of "My Life as a Quant". We hope that students who complete the course will begin to understand the "rocket science" behind financial engineering but perhaps more importantly, we hope they will also understand the limitations of this theory in practice and why financial models should always be treated with a healthy degree of skepticism. The follow-on course FE &amp, RM Part II will continue to develop derivatives pricing models but it will also focus on asset allocation and portfolio optimization as well as other applications of financial engineering such as real options, commodity and energy derivatives and algorithmic trading.;
Gamification is the application of game elements and digital game design techniques to non-game problems, such as business and social impact challenges. This course will teach you the mechanisms of gamification, why it has such tremendous potential, and how to use it effectively. For additional information on the concepts described in the course, you can purchase Professor Werbach's book For the Win: How Game Thinking Can Revolutionize Your Business in print or ebook format in several languages.;
This Specialization is intended for learners that have or wants to have a career in the digital financial industries.The Specialization explores the evolving world of finance, focusing on the changing dynamics caused by the conversion of products and services into digital goods, new customer demands and changing regulation to govern the competetive landscape - the digital transformation of finance.You’ll learn about concepts such as digital platforms and business ecosystems, be exposed to the emerging Fintech landscape and master a new toolbox for successfully competing on innovation in the digital era of finance. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll create and defend a holistic digital transformation strategy for a real world company.Throughout the course, the instructors will use state of art examples and share their own research from the European and North American finance industries, as well as expose practices from leading digital financial services and companies, such as MobilePay, Saxo Bank and PayPal.The main focus in the course is on the financial sector (in particular in North America and Europe), but the course also include material of relevance for the financial trading and insurance sectors and inspiration from Africa.;
Responsive web design is all about creating the best user experience regardless of whether a user is accessing your site from a desktop computer, a mobile phone, or a tablet.This Specialisation covers the basics of modern full stack web development, from UX design to front-end coding to custom databases. You’ll build foundational skills in a full range of technologies, including HTML/CSS, Javascript, and MongoDB, and you’ll learn to implement a reactive, multi-user web application using the meteor.js framework. We’ll also touch on more advanced topics, such as APIs, data visualization, and animation.You will add several projects to your portfolio to demonstrate your skill and growth throughout this Specialisation. You will create web pages using basic elements to control layout and style, use responsive web design principles to take a site from wireframe to website, implement security features, and create collaborative multi-user experiences. Just like any professional full stack web developer, you will build accessibility and usability into your responsive websites.;
In this course, you will learn best practices for how to use data analytics to make any company more competitive and more profitable. You will be able to recognize the most critical business metrics and distinguish them from mere data.You’ll get a clear picture of the vital but different roles business analysts, business data analysts, and data scientists each play in various types of companies. And you’ll know exactly what skills are required to be hired for, and succeed at, these high-demand jobs. Finally, you will be able to use a checklist provided in the course to score any company on how effectively it is embracing big data culture. Digital companies like Amazon, Uber and Airbnb are transforming entire industries through their creative use of big data. You’ll understand why these companies are so disruptive and how they use data-analytics techniques to out-compete traditional companies.;
As data collection has increased exponentially, so has the need for people skilled at using and interacting with data, to be able to think critically, and provide insights to make better decisions and optimize their businesses. This is a data scientist, “part mathematician, part computer scientist, and part trend spotter” (SAS Institute, Inc.). According to Glassdoor, being a data scientist is the best job in America, with a median base salary of $110,000 and thousands of job openings at a time. The skills necessary to be a good data scientist include being able to retrieve and work with data, and to do that you need to be well versed in SQL, the standard language for communicating with database systems.This course is designed to give you a primer in the fundamentals of SQL and working with data so that you can begin analyzing it for data science purposes. You will begin to ask the right questions and come up with good answers to deliver valuable insights for your organization. This course starts with the basics and assumes you do not have any knowledge or skills in SQL. It will build on that foundation and gradually have you write both simple and complex queries to help you select data from tables.  You'll start to work with different types of data like strings and numbers and discuss methods to filter and pare down your results. You will create new tables and be able to move data into them. You will learn common operators and how to combine the data. You will use case statements and concepts like data governance and profiling. You will discuss topics on data, and practice using real-world programming assignments. You will interpret the structure, meaning, and relationships in source data and use SQL as a professional to shape your data for targeted analysis purposes. Although we do not have any specific prerequisites or software requirements to take this course, a simple text editor is recommended for the final project. So what are you waiting for? This is your first step in landing a job in the best occupation in the US and soon the world!;
What you’ll achieve:In this project-centered course* you will build a modern computer system, from the ground up. We’ll divide this fascinating journey into six hands-on projects that will take you from constructing elementary logic gates all the way through creating a fully functioning general purpose computer. In the process, you will learn - in the most direct and constructive way - how computers work, and how they are designed.What you’ll need:This is a self-contained course: all the knowledge necessary to succeed in the course and build the computer system will be given as part of the learning experience. Therefore, we assume no previous computer science or engineering knowledge, and all learners are welcome aboard. You will need no physical materials, since you will build the computer on your own PC, using a software-based hardware simulator, just like real computers are designed by computer engineers in the field. The hardware simulator, as well as other software tools, will be supplied freely after you enroll in the course.Course format:The course consists of six modules, each comprising a series of video lectures, and a project. You will need about 2-3 hours to watch each module's lectures, and about 5-10 hours to complete each one of the six projects. The course can be completed in six weeks, but you are welcome to take it at your own pace. You can watch a TED talk about this course by Googling "nand2tetris TED talk".*About Project-Centered Courses: Project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. By actively applying new concepts as you learn, you’ll master the course content more efficiently, you’ll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. When you complete the course, you’ll have a finished project that you’ll be proud to use and share.;
The primary topics in this part of the specialization are: asymptotic ("Big-oh") notation, sorting and searching, divide and conquer (master method, integer and matrix multiplication, closest pair), and randomized algorithms (QuickSort, contraction algorithm for min cuts).;
"Finding the Story in the Data” is the most important emerging capability for market researchers according to GRIT (Greenbook Research Industry Trends) Report 2016. This specialization, designed for learners with no previous Marketing Research experience teaches a comprehensive marketing research approach that will help learners find and communicate the story in the data.Students will learn how to initiate a research project for targeted business needs, conduct research through multiple modes and datasets, analyze research data, manage suppliers performing specialized research, and deliver recommendations from the research. By the end of the specialization, learners will create and scope a research proposal, conduct desk research, design and test a focus group guide, interpret focus group results, design and implement a survey in Qualtrics, analyze quantitative data, develop insights by synthesizing findings across research methods, create data visualizations in Excel, and develop a presentation of findings with recommendations to stakeholders.;
This one-week, accelerated online class equips students to containerize workloads in Docker containers, deploy them to Kubernetes clusters provided by Google Kubernetes Engine, and scale those workloads to handle increased traffic.  Students also learn how to continuously deploy new code in a Kubernetes cluster to provide application updates.At the end of the course, you will be able to:• Understand container basics• Containerize an existing application• Understand Kubernetes concepts and principles• Deploy applications to Kubernetes using the CLI• Set up a continuous delivery pipeline using Jenkins• Locate more documentation and training.To get the most of out of this course, learners should have basic proficiency with command-line tools and Linux operating system environments, as well as Web server technologies such as Nginx. We also recommend systems operations experience, including deploying and managing applications, either on-premises or in a public cloud environment.Note: This is an abbreviated overview of Kubernetes. For the full Kubernetes content see the Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine Specialization or start with the Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Foundations course.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
Welcome to Introduction to Self-Driving Cars, the first course in University of Toronto’s Self-Driving Cars Specialization. This course will introduce you to the terminology, design considerations and safety assessment of self-driving cars.  By the end of this course, you will be able to: - Understand commonly used hardware used for self-driving cars- Identify the main components of the self-driving software stack- Program vehicle modelling and control  - Analyze the safety frameworks and current industry practices for vehicle developmentFor the final project in this course, you will develop control code to navigate a self-driving car around a racetrack in the CARLA simulation environment. You will construct longitudinal and lateral dynamic models for a vehicle and create controllers that regulate speed and path tracking performance using Python. You’ll test the limits of your control design and learn the challenges inherent in driving at the limit of vehicle performance.This is an advanced course, intended for learners with a background in mechanical engineering, computer and electrical engineering, or robotics. To succeed in this course, you should have programming experience in Python 3.0, familiarity with Linear Algebra (matrices, vectors, matrix multiplication, rank, Eigenvalues and vectors and inverses), Statistics (Gaussian probability distributions), Calculus and Physics (forces, moments, inertia, Newton's Laws).You will also need certain hardware and software specifications in order to effectively run the CARLA simulator: Windows 7 64-bit (or later) or Ubuntu 16.04 (or later), Quad-core Intel or AMD processor (2.5 GHz or faster), NVIDIA GeForce 470 GTX or AMD Radeon 6870 HD series card or higher, 8 GB RAM, and OpenGL 3 or greater (for Linux computers).;
This course provides an introduction to basic computational methods for understanding what nervous systems do and for determining how they function. We will explore the computational principles governing various aspects of vision, sensory-motor control, learning, and memory. Specific topics that will be covered include representation of information by spiking neurons, processing of information in neural networks, and algorithms for adaptation and learning. We will make use of Matlab/Octave/Python demonstrations and exercises to gain a deeper understanding of concepts and methods introduced in the course. The course is primarily aimed at third- or fourth-year undergraduates and beginning graduate students, as well as professionals and distance learners interested in learning how the brain processes information.;
Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine 専門講座では、Google Kubernetes Engine（GKE）を使用してソリューションを実装する方法について説明します。具体的には、ワークロードの構築、スケジュール、負荷分散、モニタリングを行う方法、サービス ディスカバリの方法、役割ベースのアクセス制御とセキュリティを管理する方法、アプリケーションに永続ストレージを提供する方法などを説明します。この専門講座には Qwiklabs プラットフォームを使用したハンズオンラボが組み込まれています。;
In this course, you will analyze and apply essential design principles to your Tableau visualizations. This course assumes you understand the tools within Tableau and have some knowledge of the fundamental concepts of data visualization. You will define and examine the similarities and differences of exploratory and explanatory analysis as well as begin to ask the right questions about what’s needed in a visualization. You will assess how data and design work together, including how to choose the appropriate visual representation for your data, and the difference between effective and ineffective visuals. You will apply effective best practice design principles to your data visualizations and be able to illustrate examples of strategic use of contrast to highlight important elements. You will evaluate pre-attentive attributes and why they are important in visualizations. You will exam the importance of using the "right" amount of color and in the right place and be able to apply design principles to de-clutter your data visualization.;
In the business world, smart organizations use branding and strategic management techniques to differentiate themselves from their competition and to achieve a competitive advantage. In this Specialization, you will learn how to use proven brand management methods and tools for individual career development in competitive job environments. You will gain knowledge and analytical skills for career self-management and learn techniques for career brand building. You will create a robust self-management information system that will help you self-organize and increase your human capital by building high demand employability skills. During each week of the Specialization, you will be practicing various career branding techniques in your custom-built, individual Career Development Lab. The final Capstone Project is designed as a training facility where you will create your evidence-based portfolios, professional development plans, personal self-marketing and branding strategies, presentations, and public profiles.;
Financial Engineering is a multidisciplinary field involving finance and economics, mathematics, statistics, engineering and computational methods.  The emphasis of FE &amp, RM Part II will be on the use of simple stochastic models to (i) solve portfolio optimization problems  (ii) price derivative securities in various asset classes including equities and credit and (iii) consider some advanced applications of financial engineering including algorithmic trading and the pricing of real options. We will also consider the role that financial engineering played during the financial crisis. We hope that students who complete the course and the prerequisite course (FE &amp, RM Part I) will have a good understanding of the "rocket science" behind financial engineering. But perhaps more importantly, we hope they will also understand the limitations of this theory in practice and why financial models should always be treated with a healthy degree of skepticism.;
The Business Analytics Capstone Project gives you the opportunity to apply what you've learned about how to make data-driven decisions to a real business challenge faced by global technology companies like Yahoo, Google, and Facebook. At the end of this Capstone, you'll be able to ask the right questions of the data, and know how to use data effectively to address business challenges of your own. You’ll understand how cutting-edge businesses use data to optimize marketing, maximize revenue, make operations efficient, and make hiring and management decisions so that you can apply these strategies to your own company or business. Designed with Yahoo to give you invaluable experience in evaluating and creating data-driven decisions, the Business Analytics Capstone Project provides the chance for you to devise a plan of action for optimizing data itself to provide key insights and analysis, and to describe the interaction between key financial and non-financial indicators. Once you complete your analysis, you'll be better prepared to make better data-driven business decisions of your own.;
What you’ll achieve:In this project-centered course*, you’ll design, build, and distribute your own unique application for the Android mobile platform. We’ll provide you with a set of customizable building blocks that you can assemble to create many different types of apps, and that will help you become familiar with many important specificities of Android development. When you complete the project, in addition to having a personalized app that you can use and share, you’ll have the skills and background you need to move on to more advanced coursework in Android development.  What you’ll need to get started:This project-centered course is designed for learners who have some prior experience programming in Java, such as an introductory college course or Coursera’s Java Programming Specialization (https://www.coursera.org/specializations/java-programming).You will need a computer with a stable Internet connection, but you will not need an Android phone - we’ll use free software that you can use to emulate a phone on your computer. We'll use Android Studio as IDE, it is compatible with most computer and operating systems. You can find detailed system requirements here: https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html#Requirements.*About Project-Centered Courses: Project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. By actively applying new concepts as you learn, you’ll master the course content more efficiently, you’ll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. When you complete the course, you’ll have a finished project that you’ll be proud to use and share. Time: 10 hours of study, 10 hours of active project work;
En la especialización Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine, aprenderá a implementar soluciones mediante Google Kubernetes Engine, o GKE, incluidas las tareas de compilación, programación, balanceo de cargas y supervisión de cargas de trabajo. También aprenderá a descubrir servicios, administrar el control de acceso y seguridad basados en funciones, y proporcionar almacenamiento persistente para estas aplicaciones.;
This course extends object-oriented analysis and design by incorporating design patterns to create interactive applications. Through a survey of established design patterns, you will gain a foundation for more complex software applications. Finally, you will identify problematic software designs by referencing a catalog of code smells.You will be challenged in the Capstone Project to redesign an existing Java-based Android application to implement a combination of design patterns. You will also critique a given Java codebase for code smells.After completing this course, you will be able to: • Demonstrate how to use design patterns to address user interface design issues.	• Identify the most suitable design pattern to address a given application design problem.	• Apply design principles (e.g., open-closed, dependency inversion, least knowledge).	• Critique code by identifying and refactoring anti-patterns.• Apply the model-view-controller architectural pattern.;
This course concentrates mainly on Javascript based front-end frameworks, and in particular the Angular framework (Currently Ver. 6.x). This course will use Typescript for developing Angular application. Typescript features will be introduced in the context of Angular as part of the exercises. You will also get an introduction to the use of Angular Material and Angular Flex-Layout for responsive UI design. You will be introduced to various aspects of Angular including components, directives and services. You will learn about data binding, Angular router and its use for developing single-page applications. You will also learn about designing both template-driven forms and reactive forms. A quick introduction to Observables, reactive programming and RxJS in the context of Angular is included. You will then learn about Angular support for client-server communication through the HTTP client and the use of REST API on the server side. A quick tour through Angular animation support and Angular testing rounds off the course. You must have either completed the previous course in the specialization on Bootstrap 4, or have a working knowledge of front end web-UI frameworks to be able to navigate this course. Also a good working knowledge of JavaScript, especially ES 5 is strongly recommended.At the end of this course you will:- Be familiar with client-side Javascript frameworks and the Angular framework- Be able to implement single page applications in Angular- Be able to use various Angular features including directives, components and services- Be able to implement a functional front-end web application using Angular- Be able to use Angular Material and Angular Flex-Layout for designing responsive Angular applications- Be able to use Observables and RxJS in the context of Angular applications;
This course aims at providing an introductory and broad overview of the field of ML with the focus on applications on Finance. Supervised Machine Learning methods are used in the capstone project to predict bank closures. Simultaneously, while this course can be taken as a separate course, it serves as a preview of topics that are covered in more details in subsequent modules of the specialization Machine Learning and Reinforcement Learning in Finance.The goal  of Guided Tour of Machine Learning in Finance is to get a sense of what Machine Learning is, what it is for and in how many different financial problems it can be applied to.The course is designed for three categories of students:Practitioners working at financial institutions such as banks, asset management firms or hedge fundsIndividuals interested in applications of ML for personal day tradingCurrent full-time students pursuing a degree in Finance, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or other related disciplines who want to learn about practical applications of ML in Finance  Experience with Python (including numpy, pandas, and IPython/Jupyter notebooks), linear algebra, basic probability theory and basic calculus is necessary to complete assignments in this course.;
The FinTech revolution is rapidly transforming the financial industry. The use of digital technologies is the norm, and together with regulatory and market changes it is creating a revolution. After completion of the module, you'll be able to: describe the changes that influence the financial sector, understand the complexity of the payment infrastructure, identify and explain the key payment instruments and how they function, understand the types of money that exits, and recognize changes in the regulatory frameworks and how they inhibit or promote innovation.To begin, I recommend taking a few minutes to explore the course site. A good place to start is the navigation bar on the left. Click Course Content to see what material we’ll cover each week, as well preview the assignments you’ll need to complete to pass the course. Click Discussions to see forums where you can discuss the course material with fellow students taking the class. Be sure to introduce yourself to everyone in the Meet and Greet forum!This course should take about four weeks to complete. You can check out the recommended course schedule below to see a quick overview of the lessons and assignments you’ll complete each week.By the time you finish this course, you’ll have mastered mastered the transformational forces of digitalization and the new competitive dynamics it gives rise to, learned from leading financial companies and seen inspirational examples from the digital masters. Good luck as you get started. I look forward to seeing you in class!;
This course focuses on developing truly cross-platform, native iOS and Android apps using React Native (Ver 0.55) and the Expo SDK (Ver. 27.0.0). React Native uses modern JavaScript to get truly native UI and performance while sharing skills and code with the web. You will learn about UI development with React Native UI and layout support and access the native mobile platform's capabilities from Javascript using the Expo SDK. You should have already completed the Bootstrap 4 and the React courses in this specialization before proceeding with this course.At the end of this course you will be able to (a) Build mobile applications targeting multiple platforms with a single codebase, (b) Leverage your React and Javascript skills, (c) Use various features of React Native and the Expo SDK to build truly cross-platform mobile applications, and (d) Use Redux to design the architecture for a React-Redux application;
This course is for experienced C programmers who want to program in C++. The examples and exercises require a basic understanding of algorithms and object-oriented software.;
This course will continue the introduction to Python programming that started with Python Programming Essentials.  We'll learn about different data representations, including strings, lists, and tuples, that form the core of all Python programs.  We will also teach you how to access files, which will allow you to store and retrieve data within your programs. These concepts and skills will help you to manipulate data and write more complex Python programs.By the end of the course, you will be able to write Python programs that can manipulate data stored in files.  This will extend your Python programming expertise, enabling you to write a wide range of scripts using PythonThis course uses Python 3.  While most Python programs continue to use Python 2, Python 3 is the future of the Python programming language. This course introduces basic desktop Python development environments, allowing you to run Python programs directly on your computer. This choice enables a smooth transition from online development environments.;
In this course, we'll look at the JavaScript language, and how it supports the Object-Oriented pattern, with a focus on the unique aspect of how JavaScript approaches OO. We'll explore a brief introduction to the jQuery library, which is widely used to do in-browser manipulation of the Document Object Model (DOM) and event handling. You'll also learn more about JavaScript Object Notation (JSON), which is commonly used as a syntax to exchange data between code running on the server (i.e. in PHP) and code running in the browser (JavaScript/jQuery).It is assumed that learners have already taken the Building Web Applications and Building Database Applications in PHP courses in this specialization.;
This join course created by SPSU and ETU  includes 5 modules dedicated to different stages of the system development. Its modules represent several widely separated fields of biomedical engineering. We interconnect them by applying the knowledge from them all to a common task – the development of a prototype of an mHealth ECG system with built-in data-driven signal processing and analysis. Working on this task throughout the course, you will acquire a knowledge on how these branches of science, including electronics, mathematics, data science and programming are applied together in a real project. Pieces of hardware and software, as well as the data sets that we utilize in this course are the same components that we use in our work developing prototypes of devices and algorithms for our tasks in science and engineering.The course is a joint work of Saint Petersburg State University and Saint Petersburg Electrotechnical University ETU ("LETI").Note that the goal of the course is not to provide you with fundamental knowledge on any of the topics highlighted in the modules, but to give you some useful skills on implementing them in practical tasks using MATLAB environment (the course requires a licences copy of MATLAB).;
This course teaches learners (industry professionals and students) the fundamental concepts of Distributed Programming in the context of Java 8.  Distributed programming enables developers to use multiple nodes in a data center to increase throughput and/or reduce latency of selected applications.  By the end of this course, you will learn how to use popular distributed programming frameworks for Java programs, including Hadoop, Spark, Sockets, Remote Method Invocation (RMI), Multicast Sockets, Kafka, Message Passing Interface (MPI), as well as different approaches to combine distribution with multithreading.Why take this course?•	All data center servers are organized as collections of distributed servers, and it is important for you to also learn how to use multiple servers for increased bandwidth and reduced latency.•	In addition to learning specific frameworks for distributed programming, this course will teach you how to integrate multicore and distributed parallelism in a unified approach.•	Each of the four modules in the course includes an assigned mini-project that will provide you with the necessary hands-on experience to use the concepts learned in the course on your own, after the course ends.•	During the course, you will have online access to the instructor and the mentors to get individualized answers to your questions posted on forums.The desired learning outcomes of this course are as follows:•	Distributed map-reduce programming in Java using the Hadoop and Spark frameworks•	Client-server programming using Java's Socket and Remote Method Invocation (RMI) interfaces•	Message-passing programming in Java using the Message Passing Interface (MPI)•	Approaches to combine distribution with multithreading, including processes and threads, distributed actors, and reactive programmingMastery of these concepts will enable you to immediately apply them in the context of distributed Java programs, and will also provide the foundation for mastering other distributed programming frameworks that you may encounter in the future  (e.g., in Scala or C++).;
In this course you will learn how to use D3.js to create powerful visualizations for web. Learning D3.js will enable you to create many different types of visualization and to visualize many different data types. It will give you the freedom to create something as simple as a bar chart as well your own new revolutionary technique. In this course we will cover the basics of creating visualizations with D3 as well as how to deal with tabular data, geography and networks. By the end of this course you will be able to:- Create bar and line charts- Create choropleth and symbol maps- Create node-link diagrams and tree maps- Implement zooming and brushing- Link two or more views through interactionThe course mixes theoretical and practical lectures. We will show you step by step how to use the library to build actual visualizations and what theoretical concepts lie behind them. Throughout the course you will learn skills that will lead you to building a whole application by the end of the lectures (a fully working visualization system to visualize airlines routes).This course is the third one of the “Specialization in Information Visualization". The course expects you to have some basic knowledge of programming as well as some basic visualization skills.;
In this course, the second in the Market Research Specialization, you will go in-depth with qualitative market research methods, from design to implementation to analysis.Week 1: Define qualitative research and how it differs from quantitative research. Explore the various qualitative research methods and evaluate when and how to use them for your research project.Week 2: Design the qualitative instruments necessary for your interviews or focus groups, and plan your recruitment efforts. Write questions and prompts to ask in an interview or focus group. Design a moderator guide and a screening questionnaire to use when recruiting your participants.Week 3: Recruit participants for your focus group and apply techniques to ensure they show up and participate. Act as a moderator during your focus group and apply strategies to handle various types of situations. Probe responses and engage participants in a group discussion, while collecting qualitative data and keep the discussion moving.Week 4: Organize and analyze the data you have collected. Transcribe the audio from your focus group or interview and interpret your notes. Write a focus group report that can be presented to your stakeholders and see how this information might relate to your quantitative research.  Take Qualitative Research as a standalone course or as part of the Market Research Specialization. You should have equivalent experience to completing the first course in this specialization, Research Report: Initiating Research, before taking this course. By completing the second class in the Specialization you will gain the skills needed to succeed in the full program.;
This is the first course in a Coursera Specialization track involving Web Application Architectures.  This course will give you the basic background, terminology and fundamental concepts that you need to understand in order to build modern full stack web applications. A full stack web developer is familiar with each "layer"  of the software technologies involved in a web application, including data modeling and database technologies, the web server environment and middleware components, network protocols, the user interface and basic visual design and user interaction concepts. In this course we will learn by doing.  We will start by learning the major components of web application architectures, along with the fundamental design patterns and philosophies that are used to organize them.  You will build and continually refine a fully functional full-stack web application as we progress through the modules in this course.  Along the way you will be exposed to agile software development practices, numerous tools that software engineers are expected to know how to use, and a modern web application development framework.This course is also available in Spanish. To join the Spanish version, visit this page: https://www.coursera.org/learn/apliweb.;
Recent years have seen a dramatic growth of natural language text data, including web pages, news articles, scientific literature, emails, enterprise documents, and social media such as blog articles, forum posts, product reviews, and tweets. Text data are unique in that they are usually generated directly by humans rather than a computer system or sensors, and are thus especially valuable for discovering knowledge about people’s opinions and preferences, in addition to many other kinds of knowledge that we encode in text. This course will cover search engine technologies, which play an important role in any data mining applications involving text data for two reasons. First, while the raw data may be large for any particular problem, it is often a relatively small subset of the data that are relevant, and a search engine is an essential tool for quickly discovering a small subset of relevant text data in a large text collection. Second, search engines are needed to help analysts interpret any patterns discovered in the data by allowing them to examine the relevant original text data to make sense of any discovered pattern. You will learn the basic concepts, principles, and the major techniques in text retrieval, which is the underlying science of search engines.;
In this course, you'll learn what every citizen should know about the security risks--and future potential — of electronic voting and Internet voting. We'll take a look at the past, present, and future of election technologies and explore the various spaces intersected by voting, including computer security, human factors, public policy, and more.;
You should complete the VLSI CAD Part I: Logic course before beginning this course.A modern VLSI chip is a remarkably complex beast:  billions of transistors, millions of logic gates deployed for computation and control, big blocks of memory, embedded blocks of pre-designed functions designed by third parties (called “intellectual property” or IP blocks).  How do people manage to design these complicated chips?  Answer:  a sequence of computer aided design (CAD) tools takes an abstract description of the chip, and refines it step-wise to a final design. This class focuses on the major design tools used in the creation of an Application Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) or System on Chip (SoC) design.  Our focus in this part of the course is on the key logical and geometric representations that make it possible to map from logic to layout, and in particular, to place, route, and evaluate the timing of large logic networks. Our goal is for students to understand how the tools themselves work, at the level of their fundamental algorithms and data structures. Topics covered will include: technology mapping, timing analysis, and ASIC placement and routing.Recommended Background:Programming experience (C, C++, Java, Python, etc.) and basic knowledge of data structures and algorithms (especially recursive algorithms).  An understanding of basic digital design:  Boolean algebra, Kmaps, gates and flip flops, finite state machine design.  Linear algebra and calculus at the level of a junior or senior in engineering.  Elementary knowledge of RC linear circuits (at the level of an introductory physics class).;
This 4 week MOOC builds upon the overview of Java and Android covered in Course 1 by delving deeper into core Android app components, such as intents, activities, and broadcast receivers.  You will learn by example how to program these core Android components together with Android concurrency frameworks and basic Java file I/O classes (such as File and InputStream) and Android storage mechanisms (such as Shared Preferences). You'll also learn how to use the Git source code management system. Throughout this MOOC you'll work incrementally on a project involving downloading, storing, and display images from remote websites. Each week you will add additional capabilities to the project, based on material covered in the lecture videos. You'll spend roughly 4 hours per week watching video lectures, taking quizzes, and programming assignments with Java and Android.;
This course will help you build a foundation of some of the fundamental concepts in secure programming. We will learn about the concepts of threat modeling and cryptography and you'll be able to start to create threat models, and think critically about the threat models created by other people. We'll learn the basics of applying cryptography, such as encryption and secure hashing. We'll learn how attackers can exploit application vulnerabilities through the improper handling user-controlled data. We'll gain a fundamental understanding of injection problems in web applications, including the three most common types of injection problems: SQL injection, cross-site scripting, and command injection. We'll also cover application authentication and session management where authentication is a major component of a secure web application and session management is the other side of the same coin, since the authenticated state of user requests need to be properly handled and run as one session. We'll learn about sensitive data exposure issues and how you can help protect your customer's data. We'll cover how to effectively store password-related information, and not to store the actual plaintext passwords. We'll participate in coding assignment that will help you to better understand the mechanisms for effectively storing password-related information.Along the way, we’ll discuss ways of watching out for and mitigating these issues and be able have some fun and exploit two different vulnerabilities in a web application that was designed to be vulnerable, called WebGoat.;
Esta clase acelerada en línea de una semana prepara a los estudiantes para crear contenedores de Docker para cargas de trabajo, implementarlos en clústeres de Kubernetes proporcionados por Google Kubernetes Engine y escalar esas cargas de trabajo para hacer frente al aumento de tráfico. Los estudiantes también aprenderán a implementar de forma continua códigos nuevos en un clúster de Kubernetes para proporcionar actualizaciones de aplicaciones.Al finalizar el curso, podrá realizar lo siguiente:• Comprender los conceptos básicos sobre contenedores• Crear contenedores para una aplicación existente• Comprender los aspectos básicos y principios de Kubernetes• Implementar aplicaciones en Kubernetes mediante la CLI• Configurar una canalización de entrega continua mediante Jenkins• Buscar más documentación y capacitaciones Para aprovechar al máximo este curso, los estudiantes deberían tener conocimientos básicos sobre herramientas de línea de comandos y los entornos del sistema operativo Linux, además de tecnologías de servidores web, como Nginx. También recomendamos tener experiencia en operaciones de sistemas, incluida la implementación y administración de aplicaciones, tanto a nivel local como en un entorno de nube pública. &gt,&gt,&gt, Al inscribirse en este curso, acepta las Condiciones del Servicio de Qwiklabs, que se indican en las Preguntas frecuentes. Puede consultarlas en https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service. &lt,&lt,&lt,;
A especialização Arquitetura do Google Kubernetes Engine ensinará como implementar soluções usando o Google Kubernetes Engine ou GKE, incluindo criação, programação, balanceamento de carga e monitoramento de cargas de trabalho, além de fornecer descoberta de serviços, gerenciar controle de acesso baseado em funções e segurança e fornecimento de armazenamento persistente para esses aplicativos.;
この 1 週間の上級オンライン クラスでは、Docker を使用してワークロードをコンテナ化する方法と、Google Kubernetes Engine が提供する Kubernetes クラスタに Docker コンテナをデプロイする方法、およびコンテナ化したワークロードをスケールしてトラフィックの増加に対応する方法を学びます。また、Kubernetes クラスタに新しいコードを継続的にデプロイしてアプリケーションを更新する方法も学びます。このコースを修了すると、次の知識を身に付けることができます。 • コンテナの基礎知識 • 既存のアプリケーションをコンテナ化する方法 • Kubernetes のコンセプトと原則に関する知識 • CLI を使用してアプリケーションを Kubernetes にデプロイする方法 • Jenkins を使用して継続的デリバリー パイプラインを設定する方法 • 他のドキュメントとトレーニングを探す方法  このコースを最大限活用するには、コマンドライン ツールと Linux オペレーティング システム環境、Nginx などのウェブサーバー テクノロジーについての基本的なスキルが必要です。また、システム運用の経験（オンプレミスまたはパブリック クラウド環境でのアプリケーションのデプロイと管理も含まれます）も役立ちます。  &gt,&gt,&gt, このコースに登録すると、よくある質問に記載されているとおり Qwiklabs の利用規約に同意したことになります。詳細については、https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service をご覧ください。&lt,&lt,&lt,;
Este curso forma parte de una especialización enfocada en la compilación de infraestructuras de procesamiento eficientes mediante Kubernetes y Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). En esta especialización, los participantes aprenderán cómo implementar y administrar aplicaciones en contenedores en GKE y otros servicios que proporciona Google Cloud Platform. Mediante una serie de presentaciones, demostraciones y labs prácticos, los participantes pueden explorar y también implementar elementos de soluciones, incluidos los componentes de infraestructura, como pods, contenedores y servicios, además de servicios de red y aplicación. Además, en esta especialización, se analiza la implementación de soluciones prácticas, como la administración de seguridad y accesos, así como la administración y supervisión de recursos.En el curso “Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Foundations”, obtendrá información sobre el diseño y los principios de Google Cloud Platform, además de una introducción a la creación y administración de contenedores de software y a la arquitectura de Kubernetes.  &gt,&gt,&gt, Si se inscribe en este curso, acepta las Condiciones del Servicio de Qwiklabs, que se indican en las Preguntas frecuentes. Puede consultarlas en https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
このコースは、Kubernetes と Google Kubernetes Engine（GKE）を使用して効率的なコンピューティング インフラストラクチャを構築する方法に焦点を当てたスペシャライゼーションの一部です。このスペシャライゼーションでは、GKE などの Google Cloud Platform が提供するサービスにコンテナ化したアプリケーションをデプロイして管理する方法を紹介します。受講者は、講義、デモ、ハンズオンラボを通してソリューションの各要素について学習し、演習を行います。これらの要素には、ポッド、コンテナ、デプロイメント、サービスなどのインフラストラクチャ コンポーネントや、ネットワーク、アプリケーション サービスなどがあります。さらに、セキュリティとアクセス管理、リソース管理、リソース モニタリングなどの実践的なソリューションの演習も行います。このコース「Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Foundations」では、Google Cloud Platform の全体像と基本的な考え方を確認した後、ソフトウェア コンテナを作成して管理する方法と Kubernetes のアーキテクチャについて説明します。  &gt,&gt,&gt, このコースに登録すると、よくある質問に記載されているとおり Qwiklabs の利用規約に同意したことになります。詳細については、https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service をご覧ください。&lt,&lt,&lt,;
Welcome to Application Systems Programming, the second course in the Unity Certified Programmer Specialization from Unity Technologies.This course will help you prepare for the Unity Certified Programmer exam, the professional certification for entry to mid-level Unity programmers. Unity is used to create real-time 3D applications for many industries, including video games, automotive, film, training, and more. In this course, you will be challenged to solve realistic Unity programming problems that are aligned to topics covered on the exam. Throughout the second course, you will expand upon the development of a 2D action video game that was started in the first course: AsteraX. In doing so, you will practice many of the skills covered in the exam, including adding particles effects, implementing user customizations, managing user and application data, and optimizing for different platforms. This is an intermediate course, intended for people who are ready for their first paying roles as Unity programmers, or enthusiasts who would like to verify their skills against a professional standard. To succeed, you should have at least 1-2 years of experience programming interactive applications in Unity. You should be proficient at programming in the C# language and familiar with Unity's scripting APIs. You should have experience in the full product development lifecycle, from concept to launch (and beyond). And you should understand multi-platform development, including deploying applications to XR (AR and VR) platforms.;
Este curso faz parte de uma especialização com foco em criar infraestruturas de computação eficientes usando o Kubernetes e o Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). A especialização mostra aos participantes como implantar e gerenciar aplicativos em contêineres no GKE e em outros serviços fornecidos pelo Google Cloud Platform. Por meio de uma série de apresentações, demonstrações e laboratórios práticos, os participantes podem analisar e implantar elementos da solução, inclusive componentes de infraestrutura, como pods, contêineres, implantações, serviços, redes e serviços de aplicativos. A especialização também abrange a implantação de soluções práticas, como gerenciamento de segurança e acesso, gerenciamento de recursos e monitoramento de recursos.Neste curso, "Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Foundations", você reverá o layout e os princípios do Google Cloud Platform e depois aprenderá o básico para criar e gerenciar contêineres de software e a arquitetura do Kubernetes.  &gt,&gt,&gt, Ao se inscrever neste curso, você concorda com os Termos de Serviço do Qwiklabs conforme estabelecido na seção de perguntas frequentes, no site: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
You will learn to make fluid digital interactive experiences that are suitable for gaming and use the advanced sensor hardware built into the iPhone and iPad. This includes drawing 2D graphics, playing sounds and music, integrating with Game Center, the iOS physics engine and detecting device orientation and location.Upon completing this course, you will be able to:1.       Use the reverse geocode service to convert latitude and longitude to location names2.       Implement GeoFences to make an app efficiently monitor an iOS device’s location3.       Leverage the power of accelerometers, magnetometers and gyroscopes to orient a device in physical space4.       Create an app that responds to ambient light levels by using screen brightness as a proxy5.       Play sound effects and other media as audio6.       Make a game like Pong7.       Make a game like Breakout8.       Manipulate graphics in a game environment9.       Use the physics engine to create realistic game worlds10.     React to multi-touch events for complex interaction design11.     Detect and respond to collisions and contacts efficiently12.     Chain complex sequences of actions, animations and sounds with precision13.     Animate multi-frame sprites14.     Create particle systems to simulate fire, smoke and magic (and more!)15.     Interface with Game Center to create leaderboards and achievements that can be shared through social networks;
To really understand what is special about Bitcoin, we need to understand how it works at a technical level. We’ll address the important questions about Bitcoin, such as:How does Bitcoin work? What makes Bitcoin different? How secure are your Bitcoins? How anonymous are Bitcoin users? What determines the price of Bitcoins? Can cryptocurrencies be regulated? What might the future hold?After this course, you’ll know everything you need to be able to separate fact from fiction when reading claims about Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. You’ll have the conceptual foundations you need to engineer secure software that interacts with the Bitcoin network. And you’ll be able to integrate ideas from Bitcoin in your own projects.Course Lecturers:Arvind Narayanan, Princeton UniversityAll the features of this course are available for free.  It does not offer a certificate upon completion.;
This course teaches a calculus that enables precise quantitative predictions of large combinatorial structures. In addition, this course covers generating functions and real asymptotics and then introduces the symbolic method in the context of applications in the analysis of algorithms and basic structures such as permutations, trees, strings, words, and mappings.All the features of this course are available for free.  It does not offer a certificate upon completion.;
Welcome to Data Analytics Foundations for Accountancy II!  I'm excited to have you in the class and look forward to your contributions to the learning community.To begin, I recommend taking a few minutes to explore the course site. Review the material we’ll cover each week, and preview the assignments you’ll need to complete to pass the course. Click Discussions to see forums where you can discuss the course material with fellow students taking the class.If you have questions about course content, please post them in the forums to get help from others in the course community. For technical problems with the Coursera platform, visit the Learner Help Center.Good luck as you get started, and I hope you enjoy the course!;
Students will produce a networked game that will leverage sensors on the phone to create a unique gaming experience.  The focus of the game will be to make it physical through real-world gestures, motion and knowledge of other players real-world location.  To do this students will need to integrate knowledge of graphics, networking, sensors, and user interface design alongside a skill set of tool usage.  The final project will involve milestones with opportunities to get ungraded peer review feedback from fellow learners so that they can iterate and improve their game program.  The final networked game that the students produce would be something they could showcase in job application materials, in an interview, or offer in the iTunes store.;
ベタバイトのデータを数秒でクエリ・処理する方法を学びたい、またはデータ分析においてデータ量が増加しても自動でスケーラブルにする方法を学習したい方には、このコースが最適です。 ここでは、Google BigQuery データセットからデータマイニング、ビジュアル化、ローディング、などインタラクティブなシナリオと演習を行います。また、スキーマモデル、価格設定のクエリ、データのビジュアル化もカバーされています。この専門講座は次のスキルがある方に適しています。データアナリスト、ビジネスアナリスト、ビジネスインテリジェンスを専門としている方。GCPでスケーラブルなデータソリューションを構築するためにデータアナリストと連携するクラウドデータエンジニア。本コースを最大限に活用していただくには、ANSI SQLの経験が必要です。&gt,&gt,&gt, この専門講座にご参加いただくには次のリンクをクリックして、サービス規約をお読みください: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
Computational thinking is the process of approaching a problem in a systematic manner and creating and expressing a solution such that it can be carried out by a computer.  But you don't need to be a computer scientist to think like a computer scientist!  In fact, we encourage students from any field of study to take this course.  Many quantitative and data-centric problems can be solved using computational thinking and an understanding of computational thinking will give you a foundation for solving problems that have real-world, social impact.   In this course, you will learn about the pillars of computational thinking, how computer scientists develop and analyze algorithms, and how solutions can be realized on a computer using the Python programming language.  By the end of the course, you will be able to develop an algorithm and express it to the computer by writing a simple Python program. This course will introduce you to people from diverse professions who use computational thinking to solve problems. You will engage with a unique community of analytical thinkers and be encouraged to consider how you can make a positive social impact through computational thinking.;
The practice of investment management has been transformed in recent years by computational methods. This course provides an introduction to the underlying science, with the aim of giving you a thorough understanding of that scientific basis. However, instead of merely explaining the science, we help you build on that foundation in a practical manner, with an emphasis on the hands-on implementation of those ideas in the Python programming language. This course is the first in a four course specialization in Data Science and Machine Learning in Asset Management but can be taken independently. In this course, we cover the basics of Investment Science, and we'll build practical implementations of each of the concepts along the way. We'll start with the very basics of risk and return and quickly progress to cover a range of topics including several Nobel Prize winning concepts. We'll cover some of the most popular practical techniques in modern, state of the art investment management and portfolio construction. As we cover the theory and math in lecture videos, we'll also implement the concepts in Python, and you'll be able to code along with us so that you have a deep and practical understanding of how those methods work. By the time you are done, not only will you have a foundational understanding of modern computational methods in investment management, you'll have practical mastery in the implementation of those methods.;
In the capstone, students will build a series of applications to retrieve, process and visualize data using Python.   The projects will involve all the elements of the specialization.  In the first part of the capstone, students will do some visualizations to become familiar with the technologies in use and then will pursue their own project to visualize some other data that they have or can find.  Chapters 15 and 16 from the book “Python for Everybody” will serve as the backbone for the capstone. This course covers Python 3.;
The world runs computers.  From small to large businesses, from the CEO down to level 1 support staff, everyone uses computers.  This course is designed to give you a practical perspective on computer security.  This course approaches computer security in a way that anyone can understand.  Ever wonder how your bank website is secure when you connect to it?  Wonder how other business owners secure their network?  Wonder how large data breaches happen?  This is practical computer security.  It will help you answer the question – what should I focus on?;
Reinforcement Learning is a subfield of Machine Learning, but is also a general purpose formalism for automated decision-making and AI. This course introduces you to statistical learning techniques where an agent explicitly takes actions and interacts with the world. Understanding the importance and challenges of learning agents that make decisions is of vital importance today, with more and more companies interested in interactive agents and intelligent decision-making. This course introduces you to the fundamentals of Reinforcement Learning. When you finish this course, you will:- Formalize problems as Markov Decision Processes - Understand basic exploration methods and the exploration/exploitation tradeoff- Understand value functions, as a general-purpose tool for optimal decision-making- Know how to implement dynamic programming as an efficient solution approach to an industrial control problemThis course teaches you the key concepts of Reinforcement Learning, underlying classic and modern algorithms in RL. After completing this course, you will be able to start using RL for real problems, where you have or can specify the MDP. This is the first course of the Reinforcement Learning Specialization.;
This course introduces the dictionary data structure and user-defined functions. You’ll learn about local and global variables, optional and keyword parameter-passing, named functions and lambda expressions. You’ll also learn about Python’s sorted function and how to control the order in which it sorts by passing in another function as an input. For your final project, you’ll read in simulated social media data from a file, compute sentiment scores, and write out .csv files. It covers chapters 10-16 of the textbook “Fundamentals of Python Programming,” which is the accompanying text (optional and free) for this course.The course is well-suited for you if you have already taken the "Python Basics" course and want to gain further fundamental knowledge of the Python language. Together, both courses are geared towards newcomers to Python programming, those who need a refresher on Python basics, or those who may have had some exposure to Python programming but want a more in-depth exposition and vocabulary for describing and reasoning about programs.This is a follow-up to the "Python Basics" course (course 1 of the Python 3 Programming Specialization), and it is the second of five courses in the specialization.;
This course is for anyone who would like to apply their technical skills to creative work ranging from video games to art installations to interactive music, and also for artists who would like to use programming in their artistic practice. This course will teach you how to develop and apply programming skills to creative work. This is an important skill within the development of creative mobile applications, digital music and video games. It will teach the technical skills needed to write software that make use of images, audio and graphics, and will concentrate on the application of these skills to creative projects. Additional resources will be provided for students with no programming background. At the end of this course, you will be able to:* Write creative, audiovisual programs in the Processing environment that run on desktop and mobile * Programatically manipulate sound in creative ways * Display images and image sequences* Generate interactive, algorithmic graphics* Work with a 2D physics engine to create a basic game;
This course is the third course in the specialization exploring both computational thinking and beginning C programming. Rather than trying to define computational thinking, we’ll just say it’s a problem-solving process that includes lots of different components. Most people have a better understanding of what beginning C programming means!This course assumes you have the prerequisite knowledge from the previous two courses in the specialization. You should make sure you have that knowledge, either by taking those previous courses or from personal experience, before tackling this course. The required prerequisite knowledge is listed below. Prerequisite computational thinking knowledge: Algorithms and procedures and data collection, analysis, and representationPrerequisite C knowledge: Data types, variables, constants, STEM computations, selection, and iteration (looping)Throughout this course the computational thinking topics you'll explore are abstraction, which is deciding which details matter for the problem you're trying to solve, and problem decomposition, which is about breaking large problems into smaller sub-problems to handle complexity. For the programming topics, you'll continue building on your C knowledge by practicing using arrays, which let you store multiple values in a single variable, and strings, which are arrays of characters. You'll also learn how to implement functions, which are the mechanism we use for problem decomposition in our C programs.Module 1: Learn about arrays as a way to store multiple values in a single variableModule 2: Discover how we store and process strings (arrays of characters)Module 3: Explore abstraction and problem decompositionModule 4: Use functions to implement problem decomposition in your code;
This course teaches you to fetch and process data from services on the Internet. It covers Python list comprehensions and provides opportunities to practice extracting from and processing deeply nested data. You'll also learn how to use the Python requests module to interact with REST APIs and what to look for in documentation of those APIs. For the final project, you will construct a “tag recommender” for the flickr photo sharing site.The course is well-suited for you if you have already taken the "Python Basics" and "Python Functions, Files, and Dictionaries" courses (courses 1 and 2 of the Python 3 Programming Specialization). If you are already familiar with Python fundamentals but want practice at retrieving and processing complex nested data from Internet services, you can also benefit from this course without taking the previous two.This is the third of five courses in the Python 3 Programming Specialization.;
This two-part course builds upon the programming skills that you learned in our Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python course.  We will augment those skills with both important programming practices and critical mathematical problem solving skills.  These skills underlie larger scale computational problem solving and programming. The main focus of the class will be programming weekly mini-projects in Python that build upon the mathematical and programming principles that are taught in the class. To keep the class fun and engaging, many of the projects will involve working with strategy-based games.In part 1 of this course, the programming aspect of the class will focus on coding standards and testing.  The mathematical portion of the class will focus on probability, combinatorics, and counting with an eye towards practical applications of these concepts in Computer Science.  Recommended Background - Students should be comfortable writing small (100+ line) programs in Python using constructs such as lists, dictionaries and classes and also have a high-school math background that includes algebra and pre-calculus.;
Learn how to implement concurrent programming in Go. Explore the roles of channels and goroutines in implementing concurrency. Topics include writing goroutines and implementing channels for communications between goroutines. Course activities will allow you to exercise Go’s capabilities for concurrent programming by developing several example programs.;
During the course, you’ll learn everything needed to participate in real competitions — that’s the main goal. Along the way you’ll also gain useful skills for which competitive programmers are so highly valued by employers: ability to write efficient, reliable, and compact code, manage your time well when it’s limited, apply basic algorithmic ideas to real problems, etc.We start from the very beginning by teaching you what competitions there are, what are their rules, what specifics problems have, how to read problem statements, how to organize your work, and what you should and shouldn’t do. So it’s fine if you’ve never taken part in programming competitions before.We’ll focus on skills essential to competitive programming: inventing solutions and proving their correctness, estimating their running time, testing and debugging programs, how to benefit from structuring code. We’ll also cover basic algorithmic ideas: brute force search, dynamic programming, greedy algorithms, segment trees.On competitions, there are a lot of specific pitfalls, perilous to beginners — but that’s not to worry, as we’ll go through the most common of them: integer overflow and issues with fractional numbers, troubles of particular programming languages, how to get unstuck in general.And, you’ll hone all these skills by solving practice problems, which are just like problems on real competitions. You could use any of the following programming languages: C, C++, C#, Haskell, Java, JavaScript, Python 2, Python 3, Ruby, Rust, Scala. We assume that you already know how to write simplest programs in one of these.;
The primary topics in this part of the specialization are: greedy algorithms (scheduling, minimum spanning trees, clustering, Huffman codes) and dynamic programming (knapsack, sequence alignment, optimal search trees).;
Writing good code for data science is only part of the job. In order to maximizing the usefulness and reusability of data science software, code must be organized and distributed in a manner that adheres to community-based standards and provides a good user experience. This course covers the primary means by which R software is organized and distributed to others. We cover R package development, writing good documentation and vignettes, writing robust software, cross-platform development, continuous integration tools, and distributing packages via CRAN and GitHub. Learners will produce R packages that satisfy the criteria for submission to CRAN.;
Science is undergoing a data explosion, and astronomy is leading the way. Modern telescopes produce terabytes of data per observation, and the simulations required to model our observable Universe push supercomputers to their limits. To analyse this data scientists need to be able to think computationally to solve problems. In this course you will investigate the challenges of working with large datasets: how to implement algorithms that work, how to use databases to manage your data, and how to learn from your data with machine learning tools. The focus is on practical skills - all the activities will be done in Python 3, a modern programming language used throughout astronomy.Regardless of whether you’re already a scientist, studying to become one, or just interested in how modern astronomy works ‘under the bonnet’, this course will help you explore astronomy: from planets, to pulsars to black holes.Course outline:Week 1: Thinking about data- Principles of computational thinking- Discovering pulsars in radio imagesWeek 2: Big data makes things slow- How to work out the time complexity of algorithms- Exploring the black holes at the centres of massive galaxiesWeek 3: Querying data using SQL- How to use databases to analyse your data- Investigating exoplanets in other solar systemsWeek 4: Managing your data- How to set up databases to manage your data- Exploring the lifecycle of stars in our GalaxyWeek 5: Learning from data: regression- Using machine learning tools to investigate your data- Calculating the redshifts of distant galaxiesWeek 6: Learning from data: classification- Using machine learning tools to classify your data- Investigating different types of galaxiesEach week will also have an interview with a data-driven astronomy expert.Note that some knowledge of Python is assumed, including variables, control structures, data structures, functions, and working with files.;
This course introduces you to sampling and exploring data, as well as basic probability theory and Bayes' rule. You will examine various types of sampling methods, and discuss how such methods can impact the scope of inference. A variety of exploratory data analysis techniques will be covered, including numeric summary statistics and basic data visualization. You will be guided through installing and using R and RStudio (free statistical software), and will use this software for lab exercises and a final project. The concepts and techniques in this course will serve as building blocks for the inference and modeling courses in the Specialization.;
In this MOOC, we will learn the basic concepts and principles of crytography, apply basic cryptoanalysis to decrypt messages encrypted with mono-alphabetic substitution cipher, and discuss the strongest encryption technique of the one-time-pad and related quantum key distribution systems.  We will also learn the efficient symmetric key cryptography algorithms for encrypting data, discuss the DES and AES standards, study the criteria for selecting AES standard, present the block cipher operating modes and discuss how they can prevent and detect the block swapping attacks,  and examine how to defend against replay attacks. We will learn the Diffie-Hellman Symmetric Key Exchange Protocol to generate a symmetric key for two parties to communicate over insecure channel. We will learn  the modular arithmetic and the Euler Totient Theorem to appreciate the RSA Asymmetric Crypto Algorithm,  and use OpenSSL utility to realize the basic operations of RSA Crypto Algorithm. Armed with these knowledge, we learn how to use PHP  Crypto API to write secure programs for encrypting and decrypting documents  and for signing and verify documents. We then apply these techniques to enhance the registration process of a web site which ensures the account created is actually requested by the owner of the email account.;
By the end of this course, you’ll be able to manipulate files and processes on your computer’s operating system. You’ll also have learned about regular expressions -- a very powerful tool for processing text files -- and you’ll get practice using the Linux command line on a virtual machine. And, this might feel like a stretch right now, but you’ll also write a program that processes a bunch of errors in an actual log file and then generates a summary file. That’s a super useful skill for IT Specialists to know.We’ll kick off by exploring how to execute Python locally, and organize and use code across different Python files. We'll then learn how to read and write different types of files, and use subprocesses and input streams. We'll also dive into Bash scripting and regular expressions -- both very powerful tools for anyone working with systems. We'll even touch on automatic testing, which allow us to automate how we check if our code is correct. To finish, we’ll put all this together by using the tools that we’ve acquired to process data and generate automatic reports.We’ll also explain how to set up your own developer environment in your machine. This is a key step in being able to write and deploy powerful automation tools.;
The capstone project will be an analysis using R that answers a specific scientific/business question provided by the course team. A large and complex dataset will be provided to learners and the analysis will require the application of a variety of methods and techniques introduced in the previous courses, including exploratory data analysis through data visualization and numerical summaries, statistical inference, and modeling as well as interpretations of these results in the context of the data and the research question. The analysis will implement both frequentist and Bayesian techniques and discuss in context of the data how these two approaches are similar and different, and what these differences mean for conclusions that can be drawn from the data.A sampling of the final projects will be featured on the Duke Statistical Science department website.Note: Only learners who have passed the four previous courses in the specialization are eligible to take the Capstone.;
Building on the course Programming Fundamentals, this course will teach you how to write code by first planning what your program should do—an important approach for novice and professional programmers. You will learn how to compile and run your program, and then how to test and debug it. This course builds on the Seven Steps you have already learned and provides a framework for systematically testing for problems and fixing them, so you can find and fix problems efficiently.;
The course will give students hands-on experience in developing interesting Android applications. No previous experience in programming is needed, and the course is suitable for students with any level of computing experience. MIT App Inventor will be used in the course. It is a blocks-based programming tool that allows everyone, even novices, to start programming and build fully functional apps for Android devices. Students are encouraged to use their own Android devices for hands-on testing and exploitation.;
NaN;
NaN;
NaN;
In this course, you will learn to design the computer architecture of complex modern microprocessors.All the features of this course are available for free.  It does not offer a certificate upon completion.;
This course  introduces the broader discipline of computer science to people having basic familiarity with Java programming.  It covers the second half of our book Computer Science: An Interdisciplinary Approach (the first half is covered in our Coursera course Computer Science: Programming with a Purpose, to be released in the fall of 2018). Our intent is to demystify computation and to build awareness about the substantial intellectual underpinnings and rich history of the field of computer science.First, we introduce classic algorithms along with scientific techniques for evaluating performance, in the context of modern applications. Next, we introduce classic theoretical models that allow us to address fundamental questions about computation, such as computability, universality, and intractability. We conclude with machine architecture (including machine-language programming and its relationship to coding in Java) and logic design (including a full CPU design built from the ground up).The course emphasizes the relationships between applications programming, the theory of computation, real computers, and the field's history and evolution, including the nature of the contributions of Boole, Shannon, Turing, von Neumann, and others.All the features of this course are available for free. No certificate will be offered upon completion.;
NaN;
NaN;
Welcome to the Intel® Network Academy – a comprehensive training program on network transformation.  In this program, we will be covering the topic areas of software defined infrastructure (SDI) network functions virtualization (NFV), software-defined networking (SDN) and beyond. The Network Academy includes a broad collection of online content and technical training aimed to assist technical professionals in the network industry to improve their knowledge of key Intel® technologies, industry trends, and technical aspects of NFV deployments.;
How do we give instructions to a computer?  Isn't programming hard?  Not really!  Whether it's giving someone directions to a nearby store or writing out some dance moves we frequently exhibit aspects of computational thinking in our everyday lives!  This class teaches the first key concepts of programming -- sequences of instructions and basic counted repetition of instructions.  For each concept, we'll start by helping you connect real-world experiences you are already familiar with to the programming concept you are about to learn.  Next, through a cognitively scaffolded process we'll engage you in developing your fluency with problem solving with sequences and repeated instructions in a way that keeps frustration at a minimum.  Along the way you will learn about the common challenges or "bugs" students have with these concepts as well as ways to help them find and fix those concepts.  You'll also be guided in running classroom discussions to help students develop deeper understanding of these concepts.Finally, you'll learn about a recommended pedagogical practice, Pair Programming, and find out why research recommends teaching block-based programming first.;
This course is designed to provide a full overview of computer networking. We’ll cover everything from the fundamentals of modern networking technologies and protocols to an overview of the cloud to practical applications and network troubleshooting. By the end of this course, you’ll be able to:● describe computer networks in terms of a five-layer model● understand all of the standard protocols involved with TCP/IP communications● grasp powerful network troubleshooting tools and techniques● learn network services like DNS and DHCP that help make computer networks run● understand cloud computing, everything as a service, and cloud storage;
This course will show how one can treat the Internet as a source of data.  We will scrape, parse, and read web data as well as access data using web APIs.  We will work with HTML, XML, and JSON data formats in Python.  This course will cover Chapters 11-13 of the textbook “Python for Everybody”. To succeed in this course, you should be familiar with the material covered in Chapters 1-10 of the textbook and the first two courses in this specialization.  These topics include variables and expressions, conditional execution (loops, branching, and try/except), functions, Python data structures (strings, lists, dictionaries, and tuples), and manipulating files.  This course covers Python 3.;
This specialization is developed for seniors and fresh graduate students to understand fundamental network architecture concepts and their impacts on cyber security, to develop skills and techniques required for network protocol design, and prepare for a future of constant change through exposure to network design alternatives. Students will require a prior knowledge of C programming, an understanding of math probability and a computer science background is a plus.;
In this course, we trace the evolution of networks and identify the key concepts and functions that form the basis for layered architecture. We introduce examples of protocols and services that are familiar to the students, and we explain how these services are supported by networks. Further, we explain fundamental concepts in digital communication, and focus on error control techniques that include parity check, polynomial code, and Internet checksum. Students will be required to have some previous programming experience in C-programming (C++/Java), some fundamental knowledge of computer organization and IT architecture and a background in computer science is a plus.;
In this course, we deal with the general issues regarding packet switching networks. We discuss packet networks from two perspectives. One perspective involves external view of the network, and is concerned with services that the network provides to the transport layer that operates above it at the end systems. The second perspective is concerned with the internal operation of a network, including approaches directing information across the network, addressing and routing procedures, as well as congestion control inside the network.;
In this course you will learn what Artificial Intelligence (AI) is, explore use cases and applications of AI, understand AI concepts and terms like machine learning, deep learning and neural networks. You will be exposed to various issues and concerns surrounding AI such as ethics and bias, &amp, jobs, and get advice from experts about learning and starting a career in AI.  You will also demonstrate AI in action with a mini project.This course does not require any programming or computer science expertise and is designed to introduce the basics of AI to anyone whether you have a technical background or not.;
In this course you will learn how to quickly and easily get started with Artificial Intelligence using IBM Watson. You will understand how Watson works, become familiar with its use cases and real life client examples, and be introduced to several of Watson AI services from IBM that enable anyone to easily apply AI and build smart apps. You will also work with several Watson services to demonstrate AI in action.This course does not require any programming or computer science expertise and is designed for anyone whether you have a technical background or not.;
Have you ever heard that computers "think"? Believe it or not, computers really do not think. Instead, they do exactly what we tell them to do. Programming is, "telling the computer what to do and how to do it."Before you can think about programming a computer, you need to work out exactly what it is you want to tell the computer to do. Thinking through problems this way is Computational Thinking. Computational Thinking allows us to take complex problems, understand what the problem is, and develop solutions. We can present these solutions in a way that both computers and people can understand.The course includes an introduction to computational thinking and a broad definition of each concept, a series of real-world cases that illustrate how computational thinking can be used to solve complex problems, and a student project that asks you to apply what they are learning about Computational Thinking in a real-world situation. This project will be completed in stages (and milestones) and will also include a final disaster response plan you'll share with other learners like you.This course is designed for anyone who is just beginning programming, is thinking about programming or simply wants to understand a new way of thinking about problems critically. No prior programming is needed. The examples in this course may feel particularly relevant to a High School audience and were designed to be understandable by anyone.You will learn:-To define Computational Thinking components including abstraction, problem identification, decomposition, pattern recognition, algorithms, and evaluating solutions-To recognize Computational Thinking concepts in practice through a series of real-world case examples-To develop solutions through the application of Computational Thinking concepts to real world problems;
This 5-course certificate, developed by Google, includes innovative curriculum designed to prepare you for an entry-level role in IT support. A job in IT can mean in-person or remote help desk work in a small business or at a global company like Google. The program is part of Grow with Google, a Google initiative to help create economic opportunities for all Americans. Learn more.Upon completion of the certificate, you can share your information with top employers like Cognizant, GE Digital, Hulu, Infosys, Intel, KForce, MCPc, PNC Bank, RICOH USA, Sprint, TEKSystems, Veterans United Home Loans, Walmart and their subsidiaries, and of course, Google. You can also earn a CompTIA and Google dual credential when you complete the Google certificate and pass the CompTIA A+ certification exams.Through a mix of video lectures, quizzes, and hands-on labs and widgets, the program will introduce you to troubleshooting, customer service, networking, operating systems, system administration and security. You’ll hear from Googlers with unique backgrounds whose own foundation in IT support served as a jumping off point for their careers. By dedicating ~5 hours a week, you can complete in under six months.Completing the program can earn you up to 12 college credits, the equivalent of 4 associate degree-level courses. Learn more in the FAQs below.If you’re interested in building on your IT foundations, check out the Google IT Automation with Python Professional Certificate.;
Welcome to the Cisco Networking Basics Specialization. The five courses included in this specialization are designed for beginners in computing that want to understand the basics of how data is sent and received in a network and how small computer networks are created. People who may be in non-networking professions that want to understand how their home or small business networks actually work will enjoy this course.These courses introduce a variety of concepts, practice activities and simulations that help build the learner’s skills and understanding of computer networking. You will learn how to set up a basic home network, configure devices for connectivity, understand how communication takes place on a network, and what minimal best practices should be implemented to secure the network. Learners will also be introduced to Cisco IOS® software used to manage Cisco routers and switches.Previous networking knowledge is not required.;
Cryptography is an indispensable tool for protecting information in computer systems. In this course you will learn the inner workings of cryptographic systems and how to correctly use them in real-world applications. The course begins with a detailed discussion of how two parties who have a shared secret key can communicate securely when a powerful adversary eavesdrops and tampers with traffic. We will examine many deployed protocols and analyze mistakes in existing systems. The second half of the course discusses public-key techniques that let two parties generate a shared secret key. Throughout the course participants will be exposed to many exciting open problems in the field and work on fun (optional) programming projects. In a second course (Crypto II) we will cover more advanced cryptographic tasks such as zero-knowledge, privacy mechanisms, and other forms of encryption.;
This course focuses on developing truly cross-platform, native iOS and Android apps using NativeScript (Ver 3.x). The framework uses Angular, TypeScript or modern JavaScript to get truly native UI and performance while sharing skills and code with the web. You will learn about UI development with NativeScript UI and layout support and access the native mobile platform's capabilities from Javascript. You should have already completed the Bootstrap 4 and the Angular courses in this specialization before proceeding with this course.At the end of this course you will be able to (a) Build mobile applications targeting multiple platforms with a single codebase, (b) Leverage your Angular, TypeScript and Javascript skills, and (c) Use various features of the NativeScript framework to build truly cross-platform mobile applications;
In Requirements Goal Development and Language Analysis, we move from the spoken word to precise writing.  A first step in this is writing goals.  We will talk about goals used in requirements engineering and, from this, writing use cases from what we learn.  Use cases can be in diagram and written form.  Then- the villains enter- misuse cases and abuse cases are discussed in how we can deal with them in a Requirements environment.  In gathering requirements, you'll have many questions remaining.  Often this leads to the need of more interviews and group sessions.  We'll go through how to handle group meetings, dealing with inconsistency, and handling conflict between stakeholders.;
You will learn to develop sophisticated user interfaces for iOS, with a focus on user interface design best practices, UI animations, and responsive design. You will learn about the key UI widgets, mapping interfaces and view restoration.;
By nature, cyber conflicts are an international issue that span across nation-state borders. By the end of the course, you will be able to apply the knowledge gained for analysis and management of international cyber incidents and conflicts including for activities such as development of policy related to cybercrime and cyberwarfare. Management of cyber incidents and conflicts requires an interdisciplinary perspective including an understanding of: 1) characteristics of the cyber threats and conflicts themselves, 2) international efforts to reduce and improve cyber security, and 3) psychological and sociopolitical factors. The course is designed to reach an international audience and will encourage discussion on relevant current events among participants to enrich the experience with various personal and cultural perspectives on cutting-edge issues. In addition, assignments and other assessments will supplement video lectures and selected readings to ensure application of the material.After taking this course you will be able to:• Identify different types of actors involved in cyber threats (individuals, organizations &amp, nation-states)• Distinguish between different types of threats and issues in cyber security including, data theft, political espionage, critical infrastructure protection, and propaganda• Detail the basic characteristics of the Internet infrastructure and international efforts to address Internet governance• List several international efforts to address cyber crime and espionage• Evaluate how principals that govern international conflicts might be applied in context of cyber security• Apply different psychological theories of human motivation and cooperation and communication and political theories in analysis of different international issues related to cyber security including censorship, media operations and role of social technologies.Grading:Your grade is assessed based on discussion posts and quizzes. Individual taking this course for credit (i.e. students at the University at Albany y will be required to engage in additional activities communicated to them directly). Recommended Background:No background knowledge or skills are necessary, but an understanding and familiarity of cyber security, Internet infrastructure and international law would be advantageous for anyone who participates in the course.ACKNOWLEDGEMENTSErsin Dincelli and Nic DePaula were the instructional designers for the course who assisted in the recording of the videos, reviewing material, creating slides, assessments and some of the content. Without their tremendous effort this would not have been possible. We also acknowledge the financial support for the recordings from the University at Albany as well as the support from Media and Marketing. Finally, thanks to Lisa Stephens who is the SUNY liaison to Coursera for being a strong supporter of the MOOC.;
By the end of this course, learners will understand what computer vision is, as well as its mission of making computers see and interpret the world as humans do, by learning core concepts of the field and receiving an introduction to human vision capabilities. They are equipped to identify some key application areas of computer vision and understand the digital imaging process. The course covers crucial elements that enable computer vision: digital signal processing, neuroscience and artificial intelligence. Topics include color, light and image formation, early, mid- and high-level vision, and mathematics essential for computer vision. Learners will be able to apply mathematical techniques to complete computer vision tasks. This course is ideal for anyone curious about or interested in exploring the concepts of computer vision. It is also useful for those who desire a refresher course in mathematical concepts of computer vision. Learners should have basic programming skills and experience (understanding of for loops, if/else statements), specifically in MATLAB (Mathworks provides the basics here: https://www.mathworks.com/learn/tutorials/matlab-onramp.html). Learners should also be familiar with the following: basic linear algebra (matrix vector operations and notation), 3D co-ordinate systems and transformations, basic calculus (derivatives and integration) and basic probability (random variables).  Material includes online lectures, videos, demos, hands-on exercises, project work, readings and discussions. Learners gain experience writing computer vision programs through online labs using MATLAB* and supporting toolboxes. * A free license to install MATLAB for the duration of the course is available from MathWorks.;
This course teaches learners (industry professionals and students) the fundamental concepts of parallel programming in the context of Java 8. Parallel programming enables developers to use multicore computers to make their applications run faster by using multiple processors at the same time. By the end of this course, you will learn how to use popular parallel Java frameworks (such as ForkJoin, Stream, and Phaser) to write parallel programs for a wide range of multicore platforms including servers, desktops, or mobile devices, while also learning about their theoretical foundations including computation graphs, ideal parallelism, parallel speedup, Amdahl's Law, data races, and determinism.Why take this course?•	All computers are multicore computers, so it is important for you to learn how to extend your knowledge of sequential Java programming to multicore parallelism.•	Java 7 and Java 8 have introduced new frameworks for parallelism (ForkJoin, Stream) that have significantly changed the paradigms for parallel programming since the early days of Java.•	Each of the four modules in the course includes an assigned mini-project that will provide you with the necessary hands-on experience to use the concepts learned in the course on your own, after the course ends.•	During the course, you will have online access to the instructor and the mentors to get individualized answers to your questions posted on forums.The desired learning outcomes of this course are as follows:•	Theory of parallelism: computation graphs, work, span, ideal parallelism, parallel speedup, Amdahl's Law, data races, and determinism•	Task parallelism using Java’s ForkJoin framework•	Functional parallelism using Java’s Future and Stream frameworks•	Loop-level parallelism with extensions for barriers and iteration grouping (chunking)•	Dataflow parallelism using the Phaser framework and data-driven tasksMastery of these concepts will enable you to immediately apply them in the context of multicore Java programs, and will also provide the foundation for mastering other parallel programming systems that you may encounter in the future  (e.g., C++11, OpenMP, .Net Task Parallel Library).;
The Computer Security and Systems Management Specialization focuses on computing in an enterprise environment. Combining both theory and real world experience and architecture, the courses will prepare you to design and audit secure enterprise systems. The courses will cover practical use of major server operating systems in an enterprise environment and how to design and operate them securely.;
This course will teach you how to create useful chatbots without the need to write any code.Leveraging IBM Watson's Natural Language Processing capabilities, you'll learn how to plan, implement, test, and deploy chatbots that delight your users, rather than frustrate them.True to our promise of not requiring any code, you'll learn how to visually create chatbots with Watson Assistant (formerly Watson Conversation) and how to deploy them on your own website through a handy WordPress plugin. Don't have a website? No worries, one will be provided to you.Chatbots are a hot topic in our industry and are about to go big. New jobs requiring this specific skill are being added every day, consultants demand premium rates, and the interest in chatbots is quickly exploding.Gartner predicts that by 2020, 85% of customer interactions with the enterprise will be through automated means (that's chatbots and related technologies).Here is your chance to learn this highly in demand set of skills with a gentle introduction to the topic that leaves no stone unturned.;
In this course you have the opportunity to use the skills you acquired in the two SAS programming courses to solve realistic problems. This course is also designed to give you a thorough review of SAS programming concepts so you are prepared to take the SAS Certified Specialist: Base Programming Using SAS 9.4 Exam.;
“Welcome to Introduction to Numerical Mathematics. This is designed to give you part of the mathematical foundations needed to work in computer science in any of its strands, from business to visual digital arts, music, games. At any stage of the problem solving and modelling stage you will require numerical and computational tools. We get you started in binary and other number bases, some tools to make sense of sequences of numbers, how to represent space numerical using coordinates, how to study variations of quantities via functions and their graphs. For this we prepared computing and everyday life problems for you to solve using these tools, from sending secret messages to designing computer graphics. If you wish to take it further you can join the BSc Computer Science degree and complete the full module ‘Numerical Mathematics’. Enjoy!”;
Computer graphics can be a powerful tool for supporting visual problem solving, and interactivity plays a central role in harnessing the users' creativity. This course will introduce various interactive tools developed in computer graphics research field with their design rationales and algorithms. Examples include enhancements to graphical user interfaces, authoring tools for 2D drawings and 3D animations, and interactive computer-aided design systems. Rich live demonstrations and course assignments will give you insights and skills to design and implement such tools for your own problems.;
Computer Vision is one of the most exciting fields in Machine Learning and AI. It has applications in many industries such as self-driving cars, robotics, augmented reality, face detection in law enforcement agencies. In this beginner-friendly course you will understand about computer vision, and will learn about its various applications across many industries.As part of this course you will utilize Python, Watson AI, and OpenCV to process images and interact with image classification models. You will also build, train, and test your own custom image classifiers. This is a hands-on course and involves several labs and exercises. All the labs will be performed on the Cloud and you will be provided access to a Cloud environment completely free of charge. At the end of the course, you will create your own computer vision web app and deploy it to the Cloud.This course does not require any prior Machine Learning or Computer Vision experience, however some knowledge of Python programming language is necessary.;
Internet of Things (IoT) is an emerging area of information and communications technology (ICT) involving many disciplines of computer science and engineering including sensors/actuators, communications networking, server platforms, data analytics and smart applications. IoT is considered to be an essential part of the 4th Industrial Revolution along with AI and Big Data. This course aims at introducing IoT Cloud platforms from Samsung, Microsoft, Amazon, IBM and Google and how they can be used in developing IoT applications. This course will be offered in English. Subtitles/captions in English and will be also provided. IoT (Internet of Things, 사물인터넷)는 최근 중요한 정보통신기술로 주목 받고 있으며 센서/ 제어기, 통신 네트워크, 서버 플랫폼, 데이터 분석, 스마트 앱 등의 컴퓨터공학 기술들이 융합된 기술입니다. IoT는 인공지능, 빅데이터와 함께, 4차산업혁명의 3대 핵심 기술 중 하나로 손꼽히고 있습니다. 글로벌 Cloud 서비스 제공자들이 IoT를 특별히 지원하기 위하여 개발한 IoT Cloud 플랫폼들을 소개합니다. 이것들을 활용하여 다양한 IoT 어플리케이션을 개발할 수 있습니다. 본 과목은 영어로 진행되며, 영문자막(일부 한글과 영문 모두)을 제공합니다.;
本课程重点讲述计算机的内部结构和工作原理，着眼于软件和硬件的衔接互动，注重基本概念和真实系统的对应。;
In the 21st century, computational thinking is a skill critical for all the world's citizens. Computing and technology is impacting all our lives and everyone needs to know how to formulate problems and express their solutions such that a computer can carry it out.In this Specialization you will both learn several block-based languages, but using novel approaches designed to make learning programming easier.Covers most CSTA Algorithms &amp, Programming Standards for Algorithms, Variables, Control, and Modularity: Levels 1-3A.;
I’ve heard this before – “I’m not sure my computer security practices are working”.  I reply “Have you tested them?”  This course is the fourth and final course in the Practical Computer Security specialization.  In this course, you’ll learn how to proactively test what you have put in place to protect your data.  In the first week you’ll be able to discuss the basics of deterrents and how to “trick” attackers into believing they’ve hit a goldmine of data away from your real systems.  In week 2, you’ll be able to understand and discuss the steps of penetration testing methodology.  In week 3, you will be able to understand and apply what you have learned on your own systems to test whether your systems are secure or not.  In week 4, we’ll discuss planning for your own methodology that you can apply to your own systems.  And finally in week 5, we’ll finish up with a project that will allow you to test your skills in a safe environment.;
Deep learning added a huge boost to the already rapidly developing field of computer vision. With deep learning, a lot of new applications of computer vision techniques have been introduced and are now becoming parts of our everyday lives. These include face recognition and indexing, photo stylization or machine vision in self-driving cars. The goal of this course is to introduce students to computer vision, starting from basics and then turning to more modern deep learning models. We will cover both image and video recognition, including image classification and annotation, object recognition and image search, various object detection techniques, motion estimation, object tracking in video, human action recognition, and finally image stylization, editing and new image generation. In course project, students will learn how to build face recognition and manipulation system to understand the internal mechanics of this technology, probably the most renown and often demonstrated in movies and TV-shows example of computer vision and AI.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
This course builds upon the skills and coding practices learned in both Principles of Secure Coding and Identifying Security Vulnerabilities, courses one and two, in this specialization.  This course uses the focusing technique that asks you to think about:  “what to watch out for” and “where to look” to evaluate and ultimately remediate fragile C++ library code. The techniques you’ll be examining will make your programs perform accurately and be resistant to attempts to perform inaccurately. This is really what the term secure programming means. You will be shown common errors that people make, and then learn how to program more robustly. You will apply tips and best practices to help you improve your programming style and help you to avoid common problems like buffer overflows, which may or may not cause security problems.;
NaN;
Welcome to Programming for Level Design, the second course in Unity's Gameplay Programming Specialization! This course is exam preparation for Unity's Expert Gameplay Programmer Certification Exam. This course will challenge you with a series of realistic programming problems in Unity video-game projects, inspired by one or more of the topics covered in the Expert Gameplay Programmer Exam. Throughout this course, you will work on a 3D “Dual-Stick Survivor” game project. This will help you practice programming for level design, including configuring GameObject physics, spawning Prefabs, designing level logic and behavior, scripting animation systems and events, and working with in-game cinematics.  This is an advanced-level course, intended for industry game developers or very experienced Unity enthusiasts who are looking to “level-up” their gameplay programming and implementation strategies. To succeed in this courses, you should have at least 2-3 years of experience developing games with Unity. You should be familiar with the full-game lifecycle (working from early concept to launch), creating and working with Prefabs, understanding game asset and animation pipelines, and have some experience with Unity Services. You should also have advanced programming skills, particularly in the C# language.;
NaN;
NaN;
If you want to break into AI, this Specialization will help you do so. Deep Learning is one of the most highly sought after skills in tech. We will help you become good at Deep Learning.In five courses, you will learn the foundations of Deep Learning, understand how to build neural networks, and learn how to lead successful machine learning projects. You will learn about Convolutional networks, RNNs, LSTM, Adam, Dropout, BatchNorm, Xavier/He initialization, and more. You will work on case studies from healthcare, autonomous driving, sign language reading, music generation, and natural language processing. You will master not only the theory, but also see how it is applied in industry. You will practice all these ideas in Python and in TensorFlow, which we will teach.You will also hear from many top leaders in Deep Learning, who will share with you their personal stories and give you career advice.AI is transforming multiple industries. After finishing this specialization, you will likely find creative ways to apply it to your work.We will help you master Deep Learning, understand how to apply it, and build a career in AI.;
Machine learning is the science of getting computers to act without being explicitly programmed. In the past decade, machine learning has given us self-driving cars, practical speech recognition, effective web search, and a vastly improved understanding of the human genome. Machine learning is so pervasive today that you probably use it dozens of times a day without knowing it. Many researchers also think it is the best way to make progress towards human-level AI. In this class, you will learn about the most effective machine learning techniques, and gain practice implementing them and getting them to work for yourself. More importantly, you'll learn about not only the theoretical underpinnings of learning, but also gain the practical know-how needed to quickly and powerfully apply these techniques to new problems. Finally, you'll learn about some of Silicon Valley's best practices in innovation as it pertains to machine learning and AI.This course provides a broad introduction to machine learning, datamining, and statistical pattern recognition. Topics include: (i) Supervised learning (parametric/non-parametric algorithms, support vector machines, kernels, neural networks). (ii) Unsupervised learning (clustering, dimensionality reduction, recommender systems, deep learning). (iii) Best practices in machine learning (bias/variance theory, innovation process in machine learning and AI). The course will also draw from numerous case studies and applications, so that you'll also learn how to apply learning algorithms to building smart robots (perception, control), text understanding (web search, anti-spam), computer vision, medical informatics, audio, database mining, and other areas.;
This specialization is intended for anyone who seeks to develop one of the most critical and fundamental digital skills today. Spreadsheet software remains one of the most ubiquitous pieces of software used in workplaces across the world. Learning to confidently operate this software means adding a highly valuable asset to your employability portfolio. In the United States alone, millions of job advertisements requiring Excel skills are posted every day. Research by Burning Glass Technologies and Capital One shows that digital skills lead to higher income and better employment opportunities. At a time when digital skills jobs are growing much faster than non-digital jobs, completing this specialization will position you way ahead of others.In this Specialization, learners develop advanced Excel Skills for Business. Upon completing the four courses in this Specialization, learners can design sophisticated spreadsheets, including professional dashboards, and perform complex calculations using advanced Excel features and techniques. Learners have acquired the skills to manage large datasets efficiently, extract meaningful information from datasets, present data and extract information effectively. In addition, learners have mastered the skills needed to validate data and prevent errors in spreadsheets, create automation, apply advanced formulas and conditional logic to help make decisions and create spreadsheets that help forecast and model data.;
This course is the first of a series that aims to prepare you for a role as an entry-level IT Support Specialist. In this course, you’ll be introduced to the world of Information Technology, or IT. You’ll learn about the different facets of Information Technology, like computer hardware, the Internet, computer software, troubleshooting, and customer service. This course covers a wide variety of topics in IT that are designed to give you an overview of what’s to come in this certificate program.By the end of this course, you’ll be able to:● understand how the binary system works● assemble a computer from scratch● choose and install an operating system on a computer● understand what the Internet is, how it works, and the impact it has in the modern world● learn how applications are created and how they work under the hood of a computer● utilize common problem-solving methodologies and soft skills in an Information Technology setting;
The UI/UX Design Specialization brings a design-centric approach to user interface and user experience design, and offers practical, skill-based instruction centered around a visual communications perspective, rather than on one focused on marketing or programming alone. In this sequence of four courses, you will summarize and demonstrate all stages of the UI/UX development process, from user research to defining a project’s strategy, scope, and information architecture, to developing sitemaps and wireframes. You’ll learn current best practices and conventions in UX design and apply them to create effective and compelling screen-based experiences for websites or apps.User interface and user experience design is a high-demand field, but the skills and knowledge you will learn in this Specialization are applicable to a wide variety of careers, from marketing to web design to human-computer interaction.Learners enrolled in the UI/UX Design Specialization are eligible for an extended free trial (1 month) of a full product suite of UX tools from Optimal Workshop. Details are available in Course 3 of the Specialization, Web Design: Strategy and Information Architecture.;
This Specialization will teach you to optimize website content for the best possible search engine ranking. You'll learn the theory behind Google search and other search engine algorithms, you'll also build practical, real-world skills that you can apply to a career in digital marketing or online content development, including on-page and off-page optimization, optimizing for local and international audiences, conducting search-focused website audits, and aligning SEO with overall business strategies. Each course is intended to build on the skills from the previous course, thus we recommend you take the courses in the order they are listed. The Specialization culminates in a hands-on Capstone Project, in which you will apply your skills to a comprehensive SEO consulting task.;
The G Suite Administration Specialization has been developed to help administrators master the foundations of managing and establishing G Suite best practices for their organization.You will setup and configure a new G Suite account, and explore options for provisioning users, groups and resources. You will learn how to manage your users and also become familiar with organizational structures and G Suite core services such as Gmail, Calendar, and Drive &amp, Docs. You will learn how to configure these services to meet your particular business needs for different parts of the organization.In the security module you will be introduced to Google's best practices to protect your users and data. You will examine user and application security and become familiar with the Single Sign On (SSO) options available for your organization. You will be able to use the tools provided to identify security events and risks and mitigate problems that may arise.Finally you will look at G Suite mail management. In this module you will configure email compliance and implement measures to protect your organization from spam, spoofing, phishing and malware attacks. You will also become familiar with the various mail routing options available.;
Integrate UX Research and UX Design to create great products through understanding user needs, rapidly generating prototypes, and evaluating design concepts. Learners will gain hands-on experience with taking a product from initial concept, through user research, ideation and refinement, formal analysis, prototyping, and user testing, applying perspectives and methods to ensure a great user experience at every step.;
Popularized by movies such as "A Beautiful Mind," game theory is the mathematical modeling of strategic interaction among rational (and irrational) agents. Beyond what we call `games' in common language, such as chess, poker, soccer, etc., it includes the modeling of conflict among nations, political campaigns, competition among firms, and trading behavior in markets such as the NYSE. How could you begin to model keyword auctions, and peer to peer file-sharing networks, without accounting for the incentives of the people using them? The course will provide the basics: representing games and strategies, the extensive form (which computer scientists call game trees), Bayesian games (modeling things like auctions), repeated and stochastic games, and more. We'll include a variety of examples including classic games and a few applications.You can find a full syllabus and description of the course here:  http://web.stanford.edu/~jacksonm/GTOC-Syllabus.html There is also an advanced follow-up course to this one, for people already familiar with game theory:  https://www.coursera.org/learn/gametheory2/You can find an introductory video here:  http://web.stanford.edu/~jacksonm/Intro_Networks.mp4;
This Specialization from leading researchers at the University of Washington introduces you to the exciting, high-demand field of Machine Learning. Through a series of practical case studies, you will gain applied experience in major areas of Machine Learning including Prediction, Classification, Clustering, and Information Retrieval. You will learn to analyze large and complex datasets, create systems that adapt and improve over time, and build intelligent applications that can make predictions from data.;
In this course on Linear Algebra we look at what linear algebra is and how it relates to vectors and matrices. Then we look through what vectors and matrices are and how to work with them, including the knotty problem of eigenvalues and eigenvectors, and how to use these to solve problems. Finally  we look at how to use these to do fun things with datasets - like how to rotate images of faces and how to extract eigenvectors to look at how the Pagerank algorithm works.Since we're aiming at data-driven applications, we'll be implementing some of these ideas in code, not just on pencil and paper. Towards the end of the course, you'll write code blocks and encounter Jupyter notebooks in Python, but don't worry, these will be quite short, focussed on the concepts, and will guide you through if you’ve not coded before.At the end of this course you will have an intuitive understanding of vectors and matrices that will help you bridge the gap into linear algebra problems, and how to apply these concepts to machine learning.;
Probabilistic graphical models (PGMs) are a rich framework for encoding probability distributions over complex domains: joint (multivariate) distributions over large numbers of random variables that interact with each other. These representations sit at the intersection of statistics and computer science, relying on concepts from probability theory, graph algorithms, machine learning, and more. They are the basis for the state-of-the-art methods in a wide variety of applications, such as medical diagnosis, image understanding, speech recognition, natural language processing, and many, many more. They are also a foundational tool in formulating many machine learning problems.;
This course dives into the basics of machine learning using an approachable, and well-known programming language, Python. In this course, we will be reviewing two main components:First, you will be learning about the purpose of Machine Learning and where it applies to the real world. Second, you will get a general overview of Machine Learning topics such as supervised vs unsupervised learning,  model evaluation, and Machine Learning algorithms. In this course, you practice with real-life examples of Machine learning and see how it affects society in ways you may not have guessed!By just putting in a few hours a week for the next few weeks, this is what you’ll get.1) New skills to add to your resume, such as regression, classification, clustering, sci-kit learn and SciPy 2) New projects that you can add to your portfolio, including cancer detection, predicting economic trends, predicting customer churn, recommendation engines, and many more.3) And a certificate in machine learning to prove your competency, and share it anywhere you like online or offline, such as LinkedIn profiles and social media.If you choose to take this course and earn the Coursera course certificate, you will also earn an IBM digital badge upon successful completion of the course.;
The simple spreadsheet is one of the most powerful data analysis tools that exists, and it’s available to almost anyone. Major corporations and small businesses alike use spreadsheet models to determine where key measures of their success are now, and where they are likely to be in the future. But in order to get the most out of a spreadsheet, you have the know-how to use it. This course is designed to give you an introduction to basic spreadsheet tools and formulas so that you can begin harness the power of spreadsheets to map the data you have now and to predict the data you may have in the future. Through short, easy-to-follow demonstrations, you’ll learn how to use Excel or Sheets so that you can begin to build models and decision trees in future courses in this Specialization. Basic familiarity with, and access to, Excel or Sheets is required.;
Thanks to a growing number of software programs, it seems as if anyone can make a webpage. But what if you actually want to understand how the page was created? There are great textbooks and online resources for learning web design, but most of those resources require some background knowledge. This course is designed to help the novice who wants to gain confidence and knowledge. We will explore the theory (what actually happens when you click on a link on a webpage?), the practical (what do I need to know to make my own page?), and the overlooked (I have a page, what do I do now?). Throughout the course there will be a strong emphasis on adhering to syntactic standards for validation and semantic standards to promote wide accessibility for users with disabilities.  The textbook we use is available online, “The Missing Link: An Introduction to Web Development and Programming” by Michael Mendez from www.opensuny.org. This course will appeal to a wide variety of people, but specifically those who would like a step-by-step description of the basics. There are no prerequisites for this course and it is assumed that students have no prior programming skills or IT experience. The course will culminate in a small final project that will require the completion of a very simple page with links and images. The focus of this course is on the basics, not appearance. You can see a sample final page at http://intro-webdesign.com/html5-plain.html.  This is the first course in the Web Design For Everybody specialization. Subsequent courses focus on the marketable skills of styling the page with CSS3, adding interactivity with JavaScript and enhancing the styling with responsive design. You can see a sample site for the capstone course at http://intro-webdesign.com/;
If you are a software developer who wants to build scalable AI-powered algorithms, you need to understand how to use the tools to build them. This Specialization will teach you best practices for using TensorFlow, a popular open-source framework for machine learning.In Course 3 of the deeplearning.ai TensorFlow Specialization, you will build natural language processing systems using TensorFlow. You will learn to process text, including tokenizing and representing sentences as vectors, so that they can be input to a neural network. You’ll also learn to apply RNNs, GRUs, and LSTMs in TensorFlow. Finally, you’ll get to train an  LSTM on existing text to create original poetry!The Machine Learning course and Deep Learning Specialization from Andrew Ng teach the most important and foundational principles of Machine Learning and Deep Learning. This new deeplearning.ai TensorFlow Specialization teaches you how to use TensorFlow to implement those principles so that you can start building and applying scalable models to real-world problems. To develop a deeper understanding of how neural networks work, we recommend that you take the Deep Learning Specialization.;
The Data Mining Specialization teaches data mining techniques for both structured data which conform to a clearly defined schema, and unstructured data which exist in the form of natural language text. Specific course topics include pattern discovery, clustering, text retrieval, text mining and analytics, and data visualization. The Capstone project task is to solve real-world data mining challenges using a restaurant review data set from Yelp.Courses 2 - 5 of this Specialization form the lecture component of courses in the online Master of Computer Science Degree in Data Science. You can apply to the degree program either before or after you begin the Specialization.;
This course will transition you from working on a single computer to an entire fleet. Systems administration is the field of IT that’s responsible for maintaining reliable computers systems in a multi-user environment. In this course, you’ll learn about the infrastructure services that keep all organizations, big and small, up and running. We’ll deep dive on cloud so that you’ll understand everything from typical cloud infrastructure setups to how to manage cloud resources. You'll also learn how to manage and configure servers and how to use industry tools to manage computers, user information, and user productivity. Finally, you’ll learn how to recover your organization’s IT infrastructure in the event of a disaster.By the end of this course you’ll be able to:● utilize best practices for choosing hardware, vendors, and services for your organization● understand how the most common infrastructure services that keep an organizationrunning work, and how to manage infrastructure servers● understand how to make the most of the cloud for your organization● manage an organization’s computers and users using the directory services, ActiveDirectory, and OpenLDAP● choose and manage the tools that your organization will use● backup your organization’s data and know how to recover your IT infrastructure in the case ofa disaster● utilize systems administration knowledge to plan and improve processes for IT environments;
"A picture is worth a thousand words". We are all familiar with this expression. It especially applies when trying to explain the insight obtained from the analysis of increasingly large datasets. Data visualization plays an essential role in the representation of both small and large-scale data.One of the key skills of a data scientist is the ability to tell a compelling story, visualizing data and findings in an approachable and stimulating way. Learning how to leverage a software tool to visualize data will also enable you to extract information, better understand the data, and make more effective decisions.The main goal of this Data Visualization with Python course is to teach you how to take data that at first glance has little meaning and present that data in a form that makes sense to people. Various techniques have been developed for presenting data visually but in this course, we will be using several data visualization libraries in Python, namely Matplotlib, Seaborn, and Folium.LIMITED TIME OFFER: Subscription is only $39 USD per month for access to graded materials and a certificate.;
This specialization covers the fundamentals of surveys as used in market research, evaluation research, social science and political research, official government statistics, and many other topic domains. In six courses, you will learn the basics of questionnaire design, data collection methods, sampling design, dealing with missing values, making estimates, combining data from different sources, and the analysis of survey data. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply the skills learned throughout the specialization by analyzing and comparing multiple data sources.Faculty for this specialisation comes from the Michigan Program in Survey Methodology and the Joint Program in Survey Methodology, a collaboration between the University of Maryland, the University of Michigan, and the data collection firm Westat, founded by the National Science Foundation and the Interagency Consortium of Statistical Policy in the U.S. to educate the next generation of survey researchers, survey statisticians, and survey methodologists. In addition to this specialization we offer short courses, a summer school, certificates, master degrees as well as PhD programs.;
The focus of this course is to introduce the learner to User Experience (UX) DesignUser Experience design is design that is user centered. The goal is to design artifacts that allow the users to meet their needs in the most effective efficient and satisfying manner. The course introduces the novice to a cycle of discovery and evaluation and a set of techniques that meet the user's needs.This course is geared toward the novice. It is for learners that have heard about "user experience" or "user interface" design but don't really know much about these disciplines.The course mantra is that “Design is a systematic and data driven process.” Design is systematic because it is based on a set of techniques and also on a cycle of discovery.In this course the learner is introduced to the four step user interface design cycle. Along the way learners are exposed to a set of techniques to gather information about a) what the user needs b)how to design and model interfaces based on these and then how to evaluate the design to ascertain that the user's goals are met. These techniques are tools that are used in a standardized manner and give us the data we use in our design.This means that anyone (regardless of their current training) that is willing to learn these techniques and follow the proposed cycle can be a UX designer!;
The focus and themes of the Introduction to Calculus course address the most important foundations for applications of mathematics in science, engineering and commerce. The course emphasises the key ideas and historical motivation for calculus, while at the same time striking a balance between theory and application, leading to a mastery of key threshold concepts in foundational mathematics. Students taking Introduction to Calculus will: •	gain familiarity with key ideas of precalculus, including the manipulation of equations and elementary functions (first two weeks), •	develop fluency with the preliminary methodology of tangents and limits, and the definition of a derivative (third week),•	develop and practice methods of differential calculus with applications (fourth week),•	develop and practice methods of the integral calculus (fifth week).;
In this first course of this specialization, you will discover what data visualization is, and how we can use it to better see and understand data. Using Tableau, we’ll examine the fundamental concepts of data visualization and explore the Tableau interface, identifying and applying the various tools Tableau has to offer. By the end of the course you will be able to prepare and import data into Tableau and explain the relationship between data analytics and data visualization. This course is designed for the learner who has never used Tableau before, or who may need a refresher or want to explore Tableau in more depth. No prior technical or analytical background is required. The course will guide you through the steps necessary to create your first visualization from the beginning based on data context, setting the stage for you to advance to the next course in the Specialization.;
This specialisation from the University of London will introduce you to virtual reality.Virtual reality is one of the most highly requested skill sets in the jobs market, and this specialisation will give you an introduction to the subject and key skills in the field. You will hear from world-leading lecturers and industry experts, use Unity to develop your own VR environment, and end the specialisation by creating your first VR game.;
"Microservices" describes a software design pattern in which an application is a collection of loosely coupled services. These services are fine-grained, and can be individually maintained and scaled. The microservices architecture is ideal for the public cloud, with its focus on elastic scaling with on-demand resources. In this course, you will learn how to build Java applications using Spring Boot and Spring Cloud on Google Cloud Platform. You'll use Cloud Runtime Configuration and Spring Cloud Config to manage your application's configuration. You'll send and receive messages with Cloud Pub/Sub and Spring Integration. You'll also use Cloud SQL as a managed relational database for your Java applications, and learn how to migrate to Cloud Spanner, which is Google Cloud's globally-distributed strongly consistent database service. You'll also learn about tracing and debugging your Spring applications with Stackdriver.To succeed in this course, you should be familiar with the Java programming language and building Java applications with tools such as Maven or Gradle. You should also have general knowledge of Google Cloud Platform&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
Machine Learning, often called Artificial Intelligence or AI, is one of the most exciting areas of technology at the moment. We see daily news stories that herald new breakthroughs in facial recognition technology, self driving cars or computers that can have a conversation just like a real person. Machine Learning technology is set to revolutionise almost any area of human life and work, and so will affect all our lives, and so you are likely to want to find out more about it. Machine Learning has a reputation for being one of the most complex areas of computer science, requiring advanced mathematics and engineering skills to understand it. While it is true that working as a Machine Learning engineer does involve a lot of mathematics and programming, we believe that anyone can understand the basic concepts of Machine Learning, and given the importance of this technology, everyone should. The big AI breakthroughs sound like science fiction, but they come down to a simple idea: the use of data to train statistical algorithms. In this course you will learn to understand the basic idea of machine learning, even if you don't have any background in math or programming. Not only that, you will get hands on and use user friendly tools developed at Goldsmiths, University of London to actually do a machine learning project: training a computer to recognise images. This course is for a lot of different people. It could be a good first step into a technical career in Machine Learning, after all it is always better to start with the high level concepts before the technical details, but it is also great if your role is non-technical. You might be a manager or other non-technical role in a company that is considering using Machine Learning. You really need to understand this technology, and this course is a great place to get that understanding. Or you might just be following the news reports about AI and interested in finding out more about the hottest new technology of the moment. Whoever you are, we are looking forward to guiding you through you first machine learning project.NB this course is designed to introduce you to Machine Learning without needing any programming. That means that we don't cover the programming based machine learning tools like python and TensorFlow.;
This hands-on course examines how content is organized and structured to create an experience for a user, and what role the designer plays in creating and shaping user experience. You will be led through a condensed process that acts as a roadmap for developing robust UI/UX design: from ideation and sitemapping, to the creation of paper and digital prototypes. Building on the design skills learned in Visual Elements of User Interface Design, you will apply this methodology to produce a digital prototype for a multi-screen app of your own invention.By the end of this course, you will be able to describe and apply current best practices and conventions in UX design, and employ the fundamental principles of how UX design functions to shape an audience's experience of a given body of content.This is the second course in the UI/UX Design Specialization, which brings a design-centric approach to user interface (UI) and user experience (UX) design, and offers practical, skill-based instruction centered around a visual communications perspective, rather than on one focused on marketing or programming alone.These courses are ideal for anyone with some experience in graphic or visual design and who would like to build their skill set in UI or UX for app and web design. It would also be ideal for anyone with experience in front- or back-end web development or human-computer interaction and want to sharpen their visual design and analysis skills for UI or UX.;
This is the second of a two-course sequence introducing the fundamentals of Bayesian statistics. It builds on the course Bayesian Statistics: From Concept to Data Analysis, which introduces Bayesian methods through use of simple conjugate models. Real-world data often require more sophisticated models to reach realistic conclusions. This course aims to expand our “Bayesian toolbox” with more general models, and computational techniques to fit them. In particular, we will introduce Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods, which allow sampling from posterior distributions that have no analytical solution. We will use the open-source, freely available software R (some experience is assumed, e.g., completing the previous course in R) and JAGS (no experience required). We will learn how to construct, fit, assess, and compare Bayesian statistical models to answer scientific questions involving continuous, binary, and count data. This course combines lecture videos, computer demonstrations, readings, exercises, and discussion boards to create an active learning experience. The lectures provide some of the basic mathematical development, explanations of the statistical modeling process, and a few basic modeling techniques commonly used by statisticians. Computer demonstrations provide concrete, practical walkthroughs. Completion of this course will give you access to a wide range of Bayesian analytical tools, customizable to your data.;
What you’ll achieve:In this project-centered course*, you’ll design, build, and publish a basic website that incorporates text, sound, images, hyperlinks, plug-ins, and social media interactivity. We’ll provide you with step-by-step instructions, exercises, tips, and tools that enable you to set up a domain name, create an attractive layout for your pages, organize your content properly, ensure that your site functions well across different operating systems and on mobile devices, keep your site safe, and finally, let people know your site is online. We’ll even show you how to track your visitors. Throughout the course, you'll engage in collaboration and discussion with other learners through course forums and peer review.Once you complete your first website project using Wordpress, you can move on to our optional, extended module that covers more advanced techniques such as using a simple text editor, coding in HTML, CSS, and Javascript, and more.What you’ll need to get started:This project-centered course is designed for learners who have little or no prior experience developing a web site. You will need a computer with a stable Internet connection. We’ll use Wordpress to get you started, provide lots of downloadable examples, and guide you through the process of giving and receiving constructive peer-to-peer feedback.*About Project-Centered Courses: Project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. By actively applying new concepts as you learn, you’ll master the course content more efficiently, you’ll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. When you complete the course, you’ll have a finished project that you’ll be proud to use and share.;
Welcome to Cloud Computing Basics (Cloud 101). Over the next few weeks, we will discuss the basics of Cloud computing: what it is, what it supports, and how it is delivered. We will delve into storage services, Cloud economics, levels of managed infrastructure, and Azure services. We will also explore different deployment models of Cloud computing, as well as several hosting scenarios. Last but not least, we will compare some of the cloud platforms and discuss the future of cloud computing.;
Welcome to Practical Time Series Analysis!Many of us are "accidental" data analysts. We trained in the sciences, business, or engineering and then found ourselves confronted with data for which we have no formal analytic training.  This course is designed for people with some technical competencies who would like more than a "cookbook" approach, but who still need to concentrate on the routine sorts of presentation and analysis that deepen the understanding of our professional topics. In practical Time Series Analysis we look at data sets that represent sequential information, such as stock prices, annual rainfall, sunspot activity, the price of agricultural products, and more.  We look at several mathematical models that might be used to describe the processes which generate these types of data. We also look at graphical representations that provide insights into our data. Finally, we also learn how to make forecasts that say intelligent things about what we might expect in the future.Please take a few minutes to explore the course site. You will find video lectures with supporting written materials as well as quizzes to help emphasize important points. The language for the course is R, a free implementation of the S language. It is a professional environment and fairly easy to learn.You can discuss material from the course with your fellow learners. Please take a moment to introduce yourself!Time Series Analysis can take effort to learn- we have tried to present those ideas that are "mission critical" in a way where you understand enough of the math to fell satisfied while also being immediately productive. We hope you enjoy the class!;
This course will introduce you to Amazon Web Services (AWS) serverless architecture. Through demonstrations and hands-on exercises you'll learn skills in building and deploying serverless solutions. Using real-world examples of a serverless website and chat bot, you'll build upon your existing knowledge of the AWS cloud to take advantage of the benefits of modern architectures for greater agility, innovation, and lower total cost of ownership across a range of AWS services, including AWS Lambda, Amazon API Gateway, Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon Lex.In this course, you'll have the option to complete hands-on exercises. We strongly suggest you take advantage of the AWS Free Tier to follow the lab exercises provided by throughout the course. Be aware that any services used outside of the free tier may result in you incurring charges through your AWS account. Class forums will also allow you to ask questions and interact with AWS training instructors. After completing this course, you'll have the knowledge and skills to build serverless solutions on AWS. This course has been developed by AWS, and is delivered by AWS technical instructors who teach cloud computing courses around the globe.;
Этот курс посвящён знакомству с языком программирования С++. Вы научитесь использовать его основные конструкции, создавать свои типы данных, разбивать программу на классы и функции.В конце курса вас ждёт финальный проект: вы сможете самостоятельно реализовать простое хранилище данных с возможностью добавления, удаления и поиска.Курс разработан ведущими специалистами Яндекса и преподавателями Школы анализа данных. За их плечами – годы разработки сервисов поиска, рекламы и инфраструктуры.Курс является частью специализации «Искусство разработки на современном C++».;
By now you have definitely heard about data science and big data. In this one-week class, we will provide a crash course in what these terms mean and how they play a role in successful organizations. This class is for anyone who wants to learn what all the data science action is about, including those who will eventually need to manage data scientists. The goal is to get you up to speed as quickly as possible on data science without all the fluff. We've designed this course to be as convenient as possible without sacrificing any of the essentials.This is a focused course designed to rapidly get you up to speed on the field of data science. Our goal was to make this as convenient as possible for you without sacrificing any essential content. We've left the technical information aside so that you can focus on managing your team and moving it forward.After completing this course you will know. 1. How to describe the role data science plays in various contexts2. How statistics, machine learning, and software engineering play a role in data science3. How to describe the structure of a data science project4. Know the key terms and tools used by data scientists5. How to identify a successful and an unsuccessful data science project3. The role of a data science managerCourse cover image by r2hox. Creative Commons BY-SA: https://flic.kr/p/gdMuhT;
This course will provide you a foundational understanding of machine learning models (logistic regression, multilayer perceptrons, convolutional neural networks, natural language processing, etc.) as well as demonstrate how these models can solve complex problems in a variety of industries, from medical diagnostics to image recognition to text prediction. In addition, we have designed practice exercises that will give you hands-on experience implementing these data science models on data sets. These practice exercises will teach you how to implement machine learning algorithms with TensorFlow, open source libraries used by leading tech companies in the machine learning field (e.g., Google, NVIDIA, CocaCola, eBay, Snapchat, Uber and many more).;
The course will teach you how to develop deep learning models using  Pytorch. The course will start with Pytorch's  tensors and Automatic differentiation package. Then each section will cover different models starting off with fundamentals such as Linear Regression, and logistic/softmax regression. Followed by  Feedforward deep neural networks, the role of different activation functions, normalization and dropout layers. Then Convolutional Neural Networks and Transfer learning will be covered. Finally, several other Deep learning methods will be covered.Learning Outcomes:After completing this course, learners will be able to:•	explain and apply their knowledge of Deep Neural Networks and related machine learning methods•	know how to use Python libraries such as PyTorch  for Deep Learning applications •	build Deep Neural Networks using PyTorch;
In this course, you will learn how to design technologies that bring people joy, rather than frustration. You'll learn several techniques for rapidly prototyping (such as Wizard of Oz Prototyping) and evaluating multiple interface alternatives -- and why rapid prototyping and comparative evaluation are essential to excellent interaction design. You'll learn how to conduct fieldwork with people to help you get design ideas. How to make paper prototypes and low-fidelity mock-ups that are interactive -- and how to use these designs to get feedback from other stakeholders like your teammates, clients, and users. Armed with these design-thinking strategies, you’ll be able to do more creative human-centered design in any domain. This is the first course offered in the interaction design specialization series. Browse through previous capstone projects for some inspiration here: https://medium.com/capstone-projects/capstone-projects-2019-abc67d3f6f26;
In this course, you will learn to think like a data scientist and ask questions of your data.  You will use interactive features in MATLAB to extract subsets of data and to compute statistics on groups of related data. You will learn to use  MATLAB to automatically generate code so you can learn syntax as you explore.  You will also use interactive documents, called live scripts,  to capture the steps of your analysis, communicate the results, and provide interactive controls allowing others to experiment by selecting groups of data.These skills are valuable for those who have domain knowledge and some exposure to computational tools, but no programming background is required. To be successful in this course, you should have some knowledge of basic statistics (e.g., histograms, averages, standard deviation, curve fitting, interpolation). By the end of this course, you will be able to load data into MATLAB, prepare it for analysis, visualize it, perform basic computations, and communicate your results to others. In your last assignment, you will combine these skills to assess damages following a severe weather event and communicate a polished recommendation based on your analysis of the data.  You will be able to visualize the location of these events on a geographic map and create sliding controls allowing you to quickly visualize how a phenomenon changes over time.;
This course is all about matrices, and concisely covers the linear algebra that an engineer should know.   The mathematics in this course is presented at the level of an advanced high school student, but typically students should take this course after completing a university-level single variable calculus course.  There are no derivatives or integrals in this course, but students are expected to have attained a sufficient level of mathematical maturity.  Nevertheless, anyone who wants to learn the basics of matrix algebra is welcome to join.The course contains 38 short lecture videos, with a few problems to solve after each lecture.  And after each substantial topic, there is a short practice quiz.  Solutions to the problems and practice quizzes can be found in instructor-provided lecture notes.  There are a total of four weeks in the course, and at the end of each week there is an assessed quiz.Lecture notes can be downloaded fromhttp://www.math.ust.hk/~machas/matrix-algebra-for-engineers.pdf;
This is Unity’s official series of courses designed to prepare you for the Unity Certified 3D Artist exam, the certification for entry- to mid-level 3D artists who work with the Unity platform. This series of courses is for 3D Artists who have used Unity for real-time rendering for 1-2 years, and are ready to bring their existing skills up to a professional standard.;
In this course, you will learn about software defined networking and how it is changing the way communications networks are managed, maintained, and secured.;
This course introduces the concepts of Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning. We'll discuss machine learning types and tasks, and machine learning algorithms. You'll  explore Python as a popular programming language for machine learning solutions, including using some scientific ecosystem packages which will help you implement machine learning. Next, this course introduces the machine learning tools available in Microsoft Azure. We'll review standardized approaches to data analytics and you'll receive specific guidance on Microsoft's Team Data Science Approach. As you go through the course, we'll introduce you to Microsoft's pre-trained and managed machine learning offered as REST API's in their suite of cognitive services. We'll implement solutions using the computer vision API and the facial recognition API, and we'll do sentiment analysis by calling the natural language service.   Using the Azure Machine Learning Service you'll create and use an Azure Machine Learning Worksace.Then you'll train your own model, and you'll deploy and test your model in the cloud. Throughout the course you will perform hands-on exercises to practice your new AI skills. By the end of this course, you will be able to create, implement and deploy machine learning models.;
This course introduces simple and multiple linear regression models. These models allow you to assess the relationship between variables in a data set and a continuous response variable. Is there a relationship between the physical attractiveness of a professor and their student evaluation scores? Can we predict the test score for a child based on certain characteristics of his or her mother? In this course, you will learn the fundamental theory behind linear regression and, through data examples, learn to fit, examine, and utilize regression models to examine relationships between multiple variables, using the free statistical software R and RStudio.;
In this course, you will learn the science behind how digital images and video are made, altered, stored, and used. We will look at the vast world of digital imaging, from how computers and digital cameras form images to how digital special effects are used in Hollywood movies to how the Mars Rover was able to send photographs across millions of miles of space.The course starts by looking at how the human visual system works and then teaches you about the engineering, mathematics, and computer science that makes digital images work. You will learn the basic algorithms used for adjusting images, explore JPEG and MPEG standards for encoding and compressing video images, and go on to learn about image segmentation, noise removal and filtering. Finally, we will end with image processing techniques used in medicine. This course consists of 7 basic modules and 2 bonus (non-graded) modules. There are optional MATLAB exercises, learners will have access to MATLAB Online for the course duration. Each module is independent, so you can follow your interests.;
This course gives you an introduction to modeling methods and simulation tools for a wide range of natural phenomena. The different methodologies that will be presented here can be applied to very wide range of topics such as fluid motion, stellar dynamics, population evolution, ... This course does not intend to go deeply into any numerical method or process and does not provide any recipe for the resolution of a particular problem. It is rather a basic guideline towards different methodologies that can be applied to solve any kind of problem and help you pick the one best suited for you.The assignments of this course will be made as practical as possible in order to allow you to actually create from scratch short programs that will solve simple problems. Although programming will be used extensively in this course we do not require any advanced programming experience in order to complete it.;
What you’ll achieve: In this project-centered course*, you will craft an essential cornerstone of the modern-day job or internship search: the resume. You’ll review resume best practices and explore current trends with guidance from a professional career counselor and recruiter, and you’ll exchange structured feedback with your peers as you work to polish your own resume. When you complete the course, you’ll have an eye-catching resume that lets your professional strengths shine. What you’ll need to get started:This course is designed primarily for young professionals or college students who are writing their first resume or looking to give an old resume a fresh and polished professional look. All job seekers will benefit from the course material and project, however, regardless of their career stage or professional background. All you will need is word processing software that allows you to create a resume on a computer- there are free tools available. *About Project-Centered Courses: Project-centered courses are designed to help you complete a personally meaningful real-world project, with your instructor and a community of like-minded supportive learners with similar goals providing guidance and suggestions along the way. By actively applying new concepts as you learn, you’ll master the course content more efficiently, you’ll also get a head start on using the skills you gain to make positive changes in your life and career. When you complete the course, you’ll have a finished project that you’ll be proud to use and share.;
This course represents an introduction to computational geometry – a branch of algorithm theory that aims at solving problems about geometric objects. Its application areas include computer graphics, computer-aided design and geographic information systems, robotics, and many others. You will learn to apply to this end various algorithmic approaches, and asses their strong and weak points in a particular context, thus gaining an ability to choose the most appropriate method for a concrete problem.We will cover a number of core computational geometry tasks, such as testing point inclusion in a polygon, computing the convex hull of a point set, intersecting line segments, triangulating a polygon, and processing orthogonal range queries. Special attention will be paid to a proper representation of geometric primitives and evaluation of geometric predicates, which are crucial for an efficient implementation of an algorithm. Each module includes a selection of programming tasks that will help you both to strengthen the newly acquired knowledge and improve your competitive coding skills.;
How do Java programs deal with vast quantities of data? Many of the data structures and algorithms that work with introductory toy examples break when applications process real, large data sets.  Efficiency is critical, but how do we achieve it, and how do we even measure it?This is an intermediate Java course. We recommend this course to learners who have previous experience in software development or a background in computer science, and in particular, we recommend that you have taken the first course in this specialization (which also requires some previous experience with Java).  In this course, you will use and analyze data structures that are used in industry-level applications, such as linked lists, trees, and hashtables.  You will explain how these data structures make programs more efficient and flexible.  You will apply asymptotic Big-O analysis to describe the performance of algorithms and evaluate which strategy to use for efficient data retrieval, addition of new data, deletion of elements, and/or memory usage.The program you will build throughout this course allows its user to manage, manipulate and reason about large sets of textual data.  This is an intermediate Java course, and we will build on your prior knowledge.  This course is designed around  the same video series as in our first course in this specialization, including explanations of core content, learner videos, student and engineer testimonials, and support videos -- to better allow you to choose your own path through the course!;
Numerical computations historically play a crucial role in natural sciences and engineering. These days however, it’s not only traditional «hard sciences»: whether you do digital humanities or biotechnology, whether you design novel materials or build artificial intelligence systems, virtually any quantitative work involves some amount of numerical computing .These days, you hardly ever implement the whole computation yourselves from scratch. We rely on libraries which package tried-and-tested, battle-hardened numerical primitives. It is vanishingly rare however that a library contains a single pre-packaged routine which does all what you need. Numerical computing involves assembling these building blocks into computational pipelines.This kind of work requires a general understanding of basic numerical methods, their strengths and weaknesses, their limitations and their failure modes. And this is exactly what this course is about. It is meant to be an introductory, foundational course in numerical analysis, with the focus on basic ideas. We will review and develop basic characteristics of numerical algorithms (convergence, approximation, stability, computational complexity and so on), and will illustrate them with several classic problems in numerical mathematics. You will also work on implementing abstract mathematical constructions into working prototypes of numerical code. Upon completion of this course, you will have an overview of the main ideas of numerical computing, and will have a solid foundation for reading up on and working with more advanced numerical needs of your specific subject area.As prerequisites for this course, we assume a basic command of college-level mathematics (linear algebra and calculus, mostly), and a basic level of programming proficiency.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
Counting is one of the basic mathematically related tasks we encounter on a day to day basis. The main question here is the following. If we need to count something, can we do anything better than just counting all objects one by one? Do we need to create a list of all phone numbers to ensure that there are enough phone numbers for everyone? Is there a way to tell that our algorithm will run in a reasonable time before implementing and actually running it? All these questions are addressed by a mathematical field called Combinatorics.In this course we discuss most standard combinatorial settings that can help to answer questions of this type. We will especially concentrate on developing the ability to distinguish these settings in real life and algorithmic problems. This will help the learner to actually implement new knowledge. Apart from that we will discuss recursive technique for counting that is important for algorithmic implementations.One of the main `consumers’ of Combinatorics is Probability Theory. This area is connected with numerous sides of life, on one hand being an important concept in everyday life and on the other hand being an indispensable tool in such modern and important fields as Statistics and Machine Learning. In this course we will concentrate on providing the working knowledge of basics of probability and a good intuition in this area. The practice shows that such an intuition is not easy to develop.In the end of the course we will create a program that successfully plays a tricky and very counterintuitive dice game.As prerequisites we assume only basic math (e.g., we expect you to know what is a square or how to add fractions), basic programming in python (functions, loops, recursion), common sense and curiosity. Our intended audience are all people that work or plan to work in IT, starting from motivated high school students.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
Специализация поможет освоить современную Android-разработку. Вы изучите основные компоненты Android-приложения, средства многопоточности и архитектурные подходы.Мы разберем следующие темы:- IDE — Android Studio и система сборки — Gradle- Дебаг и логгирование- Знакомство с основными сущностями Android-приложения- Работа с Activity и Fragment- Знакомство с элементами интерфейса — View, ViewGroup- Работа со списками: RecyclerView- Средства для обеспечения многопоточности в Android- Работа с сетью с помощью Retrofit2/Okhttp3- Базовое знакомство с реактивным программированием: RxJava2- Работа с уведомлениями- Работа с базами данных через Room- MVP- и MVVM-паттерны- Android Architecture Components- Dependency Injection через Dagger2- Clean ArchitectureДля успешного освоения программы специализации необходимо знание C-подобного языка, понимание принципов объектно-ориентированного программирования, а также базовое знание Java.;
How can robots perceive the world and their own movements so that they accomplish navigation and manipulation tasks?  In this module, we will study how images and videos acquired by cameras mounted on robots are transformed into representations like features and optical flow.  Such 2D representations allow us then to extract 3D information about where the camera is and in which direction the robot moves.  You will come to understand how grasping objects is facilitated by the computation of 3D posing of objects and navigation can be accomplished by visual odometry and landmark-based localization.;
NaN;
This course is for you if you are interested in transitioning toward a managerial role in cybersecurity and mobility. Through interviews with industry experts in this area, you will be able to analyze innovations powering the rapid spread of information technology and how they present new challenges for protecting data. For example, mobile devices increase convenience but often bypass traditional security measures. After this course, you will be able to describe how the nature of the threat evolves, as culprits employ a burgeoning set of sophisticated tools to take advantage of our growing reliance on networks for critical-data exchange.If you want to pursue a career in the public sector, the stakes are high as well. The proliferation of hackers, inevitable human errors, bring-your-own-device (BYOD) initiatives, and the ever-broadening need to share information weigh heavily on government and education organizations, and consume substantial resources. The Pentagon, for example, has proposed to spend $23 billion on network security initiatives through 2018. This sounds like a large sum, until you consider the scope and importance of the U.S. government information resources this investment must protect.After completing the course modules you will be able to explain how yesterday’s prevention strategies are no longer adequate for stopping advanced, targeted attacks. Effective cybersecurity must be multi-dimensional and tiered, as threats can originate from virtually anywhere, target numerous levels of an organization, and sometimes persist for months or years before an information security staff is aware of an attack or breach. Therefore securing networks requires a holistic approach that incorporates several elements.;
NaN;
Welcome to the Advanced Linear Models for Data Science Class 1: Least Squares. This class is an introduction to least squares from a linear algebraic and mathematical perspective. Before beginning the class make sure that you have the following:- A basic understanding of linear algebra and multivariate calculus.- A basic understanding of statistics and regression models.- At least a little familiarity with proof based mathematics.- Basic knowledge of the R programming language.After taking this course, students will have a firm foundation in a linear algebraic treatment of regression modeling. This will greatly augment applied data scientists' general understanding of regression models.;
NaN;
In this course, we will show you exciting examples of collaborative, interactive web applications that use various types of media including sound, images and big data. We will show you how to build sites that provide precisely this functionality, using Meteor. We will also provide fully working example application code that you can use for your own commercial web projects. The course also provides a range of advice and suggestions about how to develop bespoke web applications which match the requirements of clients, where clients are people who commission the product or people who use the product.  We will take you through the development of the following applications:1.	A portfolio website with collaborative blogging functionality.2.	An interactive, realtime, multi user music remixing system.3.	An interactive, online graffiti wall where users can collaborate to create graphics.4.	An interactive data visualisation platform for exploring and plotting big data in exciting ways.At the end of this course, you will be able to:•	Implement animated data visualisations and graphics using advanced user interface libraries such as vis.js •	Work with external data sources •	Create multi user, realtime, collaborative environments•	Use media APIs such as the Web Audio APIParticipation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for University of London programmes.;
Course Information: In many areas of computer science such as robotics, computer graphics, virtual reality, and geographic information systems, it is necessary to store, analyze, and create or manipulate spatial data. This course deals with the algorithmic aspects of these tasks: we study techniques and concepts needed for the design and analysis of geometric algorithms and data structures. Each technique and concept will be illustrated on the basis of a problem arising in one of the application areas mentioned above.Goals:At the end of this course participants should be able- to decide which algorithm or data structure to use in order to solve a given basic geometric problem,- to analyze new problems and come up with their own efficient solutions using concepts and techniques from the course.Prerequisites:In order to successfully take this course, you should already have a basic knowledge of algorithms and mathematics. Here's a short list of what you are supposed to know:- O-notation, Ω-notation, Θ-notation, how to analyze algorithms- Basic calculus: manipulating summations, solving recurrences, working with logarithms, etc.- Basic probability theory: events, probability distributions, random variables, expected values etc.- Basic data structures: linked lists, binary search trees, etc.- Graph terminology- Programming skills for practical assignmentsMost of the material in this course is based on the following book:M. de Berg, O. Cheong, M. van Kreveld, and M. Overmars. Computational Geometry: Algorithms and Applications (3rd edition). Springer-Verlag, 2008.It is not mandatory to buy this book. However if participants want to know more than is offered in this course or want to have another look at the material discussed in the lectures, we recommend buying this book.The video lectures contain a few very minor mistakes. A list of these mistakes can be found under resources. If you think you found an error, report a problem by clicking the square flag at the bottom of the lecture or quiz where you found the error.;
This 4 week MOOC builds upon the core Android app components and concurrency frameworks covered in Course 2 by focusing on started and bound services, local inter-process communication (IPC), and content providers. Case study apps will be examined from multiple perspectives to learn how to program these app components using Android's material design paradigm. Students will work incrementally on a hands-on project involving a material design-based RSS reader app. Each week you will add additional capabilities to the project, based on material covered in the lecture videos. You'll spend roughly 4 hours per week watching video lectures, taking quizzes, and programming assignments with Java and Android.;
In this course, you will develop and test hypotheses about your data. You will learn a variety of statistical tests, as well as strategies to know how to apply the appropriate one to your specific data and question. Using your choice of two powerful statistical software packages (SAS or Python), you will explore ANOVA, Chi-Square, and Pearson correlation analysis. This course will guide you through basic statistical principles to give you the tools to answer questions you have developed. Throughout the course, you will share your progress with others to gain valuable feedback and provide insight to other learners about their work.;
算法代表着用系统的方法描述解决问题的策略机制，北京大学《算法基础》课程将带你一一探索枚举、二分、贪心、递归、深度优先搜索、广度优先搜索、动态规划等经典算法，体会他们巧妙的构思，感受他们利用计算解决问题的独特魅力。顺利完成本课程，你将不但能够掌握这些算法的原理，还能够对这些算法进行灵活应用以及准确实现。本课程的中的编程任务，将充分训练你的思维能力和动手能力，促成全面、缜密思考问题的习惯。达到本门课程的要求，即意味者你具备了初步的算法基础和较强的编程实现能力。;
Discrete Optimization aims to make good decisions when we have many possibilities to choose from. Its applications are ubiquitous throughout our society. Its applications range from solving Sudoku puzzles to arranging seating in a wedding banquet.  The same technology can schedule planes and their crews, coordinate the production of steel, and organize the transportation of iron ore from the mines to the ports. Good decisions on the use of scarce or expensive resources such as staffing and material resources also allow corporations to improve their profit by millions of dollars.  Similar problems also underpin much of our daily lives and are part of determining daily delivery routes for packages, making school timetables, and delivering power to our homes. Despite their fundamental importance, these problems are a nightmare to solve using traditional undergraduate computer science methods.This course is intended for students who have completed Advanced Modelling for Discrete Optimization.  In this course, you will extend your understanding of how to solve challenging discrete optimization problems by learning more about the solving technologies that are used to solve them, and how a high-level model (written in MiniZinc) is transformed into a form that is executable by these underlying solvers. By better understanding the actual solving technology, you will both improve your modeling capabilities, and be able to choose the most appropriate solving technology to use.Watch the course promotional video here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EiRsK-Rm08;
NaN;
This Specialization provides an introduction to big data analytics for all business professionals, including those with no prior analytics experience. You’ll learn how data analysts describe, predict, and inform business decisions in the specific areas of marketing, human resources, finance, and operations, and you’ll develop basic data literacy and an analytic mindset that will help you make strategic decisions based on data. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply your skills to interpret a real-world data set and make appropriate business strategy recommendations.;
The Google Cloud Professional Cloud Architect certification was ranked one of the top paying IT certifications of 2019 by Global Knowledge.This program provides the skills you need to advance your career as a professional cloud architect and recommends training to support your preparation for the industry-recognized Google Cloud Professional Cloud Architect certification.You'll have the opportunity to deploy solution elements, including infrastructure components such as networks, systems and applications services, and you'll gain real world experience through a number of hands-on Qwiklabs projects.Upon successful completion of this program, you will earn a certificate of completion to share with your professional network and potential employers.If you would like to become Google Cloud certified and demonstrate your proficiency in the understanding of cloud architecture and Google Cloud Platform, design, develop, and manage solutions to drive business objectives, you will need to register for, and pass the official Google Cloud certification exam. You can find more details on how to register and additional resources to support your preparation at cloud.google.com/certification.;
This specialization introduces learners to the comprehensive and flexible infrastructure and platform services provided by Google Cloud Platform, with a focus on Compute Engine. Through a combination of presentations, demos, and hands-on labs, participants explore and deploy solution elements, including infrastructure components such as networks, systems and applications services. This course also covers deploying practical solutions including securely interconnecting networks, customer-supplied encryption keys, security and access management, quotas and billing, and resource monitoring.This class is intended for Cloud Solutions Architects, DevOps Engineers or individuals using Compute Engine.Note: This Specialization used to be called Architecting with Google Cloud Platform. As the Specialization is now focused on Compute Engine as the computing platform, we have renamed it to Architecting with Google Compute Engine. If you are looking to learn more about App Engine, Cloud Functions and Google Kubernetes Engine, which are services previously covered in the Elastic Cloud Infrastructure: Containers and Services course of this specialization, please refer to the Developing Applications with Google Cloud Platform Specialization and the Architecting with Kubernetes Engine Specialization.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this specialization you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
This program provides the skills you need to advance your career as a cloud engineer and recommends training to support your preparation for the industry-recognized Google Cloud Associate Cloud Engineer.You'll also have the opportunity to practice key job skills, such as setting up a cloud environment and configuring and deploying a solution in the cloud.Upon successful completion of this program, you will earn a certificate of completion to share with your professional network and potential employers.If you would like to become Google Cloud certified and demonstrate your proficiency in using the Google Cloud Console and the command-line interface to perform common platform-based tasks to maintain one or more deployed solutions that leverage Google-managed or self-managed services on Google Cloud, you will need to register for, and pass the official Google Cloud certification exam. You can find more details on how to register and additional resources to support your preparation at cloud.google.com/certification.;
In this specialization, application developers learn how to design, develop, and deploy applications that seamlessly integrate managed services from the Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Through a combination of presentations, demos, and hands-on labs, participants learn how to use GCP services and pre-trained machine learning APIs to build secure, scalable, and intelligent cloud-native applications. Learners can choose to complete labs in their favorite language: Node.js, Java, or Python.This class is intended for application developers who want to build cloud-native applications or redesign existing applications that will run on Google Cloud Platform.This course teaches participants the following skills:• Use best practices for application development.• Choose the appropriate data storage option for application data.• Implement federated identity management.• Develop loosely coupled application components or microservices.• Integrate application components and data sources.• Debug, trace, and monitor applications.• Perform repeatable deployments with containers and deployment services.• Choose the appropriate application runtime environment, use Google Kubernetes Engine as a runtime environment and later switch to a no-ops solution with Google App Engine flexible environment.;
This program provides the skills you need to advance your career in data engineering and recommends training to support your preparation for the industry-recognized Google Cloud Professional Data Engineer certification. Through a combination of presentations, demos, and labs, you will enable data-driven decision making by collecting, transforming, and publishing data, and you'll gain real world experience through a number of hands-on Qwiklabs projects.You'll also have the opportunity to practice key job skills, including designing, building, and running data processing systems, and operationalizing machine-learning models.Upon successful completion of this program, you will earn a certificate of completion to share with your professional network and potential employers.If you would like to become Google Cloud certified and demonstrate your proficiency to design and build data processing systems and operationalize machine learning models on Google Cloud Platform, you will need to register for, and pass the official Google Cloud certification exam. You can find more details on how to register and additional resources to support your preparation at cloud.google.com/certifications.;
This online specialization provides participants a hands-on introduction to designing and building data pipelines on Google Cloud Platform. Through a combination of presentations, demos, and hand-on labs, participants will learn how to design data processing systems, build end-to-end data pipelines, analyze data and derive insights. The course covers structured, unstructured, and streaming data.This course teaches the following skills:• Design and build data pipelines on Google Cloud Platform• Lift and shift your existing Hadoop workloads to the Cloud using Cloud Dataproc.• Process batch and streaming data by implementing autoscaling data pipelines on Cloud Dataflow• Manage your data Pipelines with Data Fusion and Cloud Composer.• Derive business insights from extremely large datasets using Google BigQuery• Learn how to use pre-built ML APIs on unstructured data and build different kinds of ML models using BigQuery ML.• Enable instant insights from streaming dataThis class is intended for developers who are responsible for:• Extracting, Loading, Transforming, cleaning, and validating data• Designing pipelines and architectures for data processing• Integrating analytics and machine learning capabilities into data pipelines• Querying datasets, visualizing query results and creating reports&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this specialization you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
This specialization gives current or aspiring IT professionals an overview of the features, benefits, and capabilities of Amazon Web Services (AWS). As you proceed through these four interconnected courses, you will gain a more vivid understanding of core AWS services, key AWS security concepts, strategies for migrating from on-premises to AWS, and basics of building serverless applications with AWS. Additionally, you will have opportunities to practice what you have learned by completing labs and exercises developed by AWS technical instructors.;
This Specialization is intended for both current and new product managers working in digital who want to apply a portfolio of modern practices to developing their products and teams. Through five courses, you will cover applications of product design, hypothesis-driven development and agile, all at the heart of modern product management.;
Beyond practices and beyond principles, you'll learn the applied skills that enable an agile team to succeed. While applying an evidence-based approach across the four courses, you'll practice what you've learned by creating an actionable, adaptive focus for a digital product team.;
Blockchain is poised to transform every industry and managerial function—redefining the ways we transact online, share ideas, and manage workflows. It’s a new technology that every business professional needs to understand.This four-course Specialization introduces you to the world of blockchain technology—explaining what blockchain is, how it works, and why it’s revolutionary. You will learn about various categories of cryptoassets, and the ways they can be transacted on a blockchain. You will learn how blockchain is disrupting business models and financial services, offering organizations new choices in how they create and manage value.The Specialization is taught by Don Tapscott and Alex Tapscott, globally-recognized authorities on innovation and technology and authors of the best-selling book Blockchain Revolution. It also includes various industry experts and developers from the Ethereum Foundation, Grid Singularity, Keyless Technologies, and ResonanceX who will share their experiences within the blockchain ecosystem.Additionally, you will gain access to ground-breaking research from the Blockchain Research Institute as well as the Blockchain Case Commons—a crowdsourced collection of blockchain applications and use-cases spanning multiple industries. Upon completion of this Specialization, you will produce a Blockchain Opportunity Analysis, in which you identify and evaluate a promising application of blockchain technology in your own industry.;
This course will teach you the "magic" of getting deep learning to work well. Rather than the deep learning process being a black box, you will understand what drives performance, and be able to more systematically get good results. You will also learn TensorFlow. After 3 weeks, you will: - Understand industry best-practices for building deep learning applications. - Be able to effectively use the common neural network "tricks", including initialization, L2 and dropout regularization, Batch normalization, gradient checking, - Be able to implement and apply a variety of optimization algorithms, such as mini-batch gradient descent, Momentum, RMSprop and Adam, and check for their convergence. - Understand new best-practices for the deep learning era of how to set up train/dev/test sets and analyze bias/variance- Be able to implement a neural network in TensorFlow. This is the second course of the Deep Learning Specialization.;
AI is transforming the practice of medicine. It’s helping doctors diagnose patients more accurately, make predictions about patients’ future health, and recommend better treatments. As an AI practitioner, you have the opportunity to join in this transformation of modern medicine. If you're already familiar with some of the math and coding behind AI algorithms, and are eager to develop your skills further to tackle challenges in the healthcare industry, then this specialization is for you. No prior medical expertise is required! This program will give you practical experience in applying cutting-edge machine learning techniques to concrete problems in modern medicine:- In Course 1, you will create convolutional neural network image classification and segmentation models to make diagnoses of lung and brain disorders. - In Course 2, you will build risk models and survival estimators for heart disease using statistical methods and a random forest predictor to determine patient prognosis. - In Course 3, you will build a treatment effect predictor, apply model interpretation techniques and use natural language processing to extract information from radiology reports.These courses go beyond the foundations of deep learning to give you insight into the nuances of applying AI to medical use cases. As a learner, you will be set up for success in this program if you are already comfortable with some of the math and coding behind AI algorithms. You don't need to be an AI expert, but a working knowledge of deep neural networks, particularly convolutional networks, and proficiency in Python programming at an intermediate level will be essential. If you are relatively new to machine learning or neural networks, we recommend that you first take the Deep Learning Specialization, offered by deeplearning.ai and taught by Andrew Ng.The demand for AI practitioners with the skills and knowledge to tackle the biggest issues in modern medicine is growing exponentially. Join us in this specialization and begin your journey toward building the future of healthcare.;
What is machine learning, and what kinds of problems can it solve? What are the five phases of converting a candidate use case to be driven by machine learning, and why is it important that the phases not be skipped? Why are neural networks so popular now? How can you set up a supervised learning problem and find a good, generalizable solution using gradient descent and a thoughtful way of creating datasets? Learn how to write distributed machine learning models that scale in Tensorflow, scale out the training of those models. and offer high-performance predictions. Convert raw data to features in a way that allows ML to learn important characteristics from the data and bring human insight to bear on the problem. Finally, learn how to incorporate the right mix of parameters that yields accurate, generalized models and knowledge of the theory to solve specific types of ML problems. You will experiment with end-to-end ML, starting from building an ML-focused strategy and progressing into model training, optimization, and productionalization with hands-on labs using Google Cloud Platform.&gt, By enrolling in this specialization you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,;
Want to know how to query and process petabytes of data in seconds? Curious about data analysis that scales automatically as your data grows? Welcome to the Data Insights course!This four-course accelerated online specialization teaches course participants how to derive insights through data analysis and visualization using the Google Cloud Platform. The courses feature interactive scenarios and hands-on labs where participants explore, mine, load, visualize, and extract insights from diverse Google BigQuery datasets. The courses also cover data loading, querying, schema modeling, optimizing performance, query pricing, and data visualization.This specialization is intended for the following participants:● Data Analysts, Business Analysts, Business Intelligence professionals● Cloud Data Engineers who will be partnering with Data Analysts to build scalable data solutions on Google Cloud PlatformTo get the most out of this specialization, we recommend participants have some proficiency with ANSI SQL.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this specialization you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
With digital transformation, products and business models in today's competitive environment are increasingly being transformed by technology. This new digital economy places information technology (IT) at the centre of firm strategy and operations, and requires a new breed of IT managers and leaders who can examine technology through a business lens.The Business Technology Management Specialization will empower you with knowledge of the IT domain, project management, leadership and team building skills, and functional and analytical skills. These skills are critical skills for leveraging technology to create competitive advantage.This Specialization will introduce you to the IT-powered digital transformation that business are going through. It will enable you to understand how insightful executives leverage IT to create value and understand the competitive dynamics of industries that consume significant technology.It will also introduce you to Business Analytics in a world of digital media, including the right toolscape, like being able to run the Analytics Desktop with leading tools like RStudio and GitHub.Finally, this Specialization will introduce you to customer analytics and enable you to develop an appreciation of problem-solving, data collection, prediction and optimization that can be enabled using digital media tools.Video: Professor Deepa Mani speaks about the Specialization;
Introduction to Cyber Security was designed to help learners develop a deeper understanding of modern information and system protection technology and methods. The learning outcome is simple: We hope learners will develop a lifelong passion and appreciation for cyber security, which we are certain will help in future endeavors. Students, developers, managers, engineers, and even private citizens will benefit from this learning experience. Special customized interviews with industry partners were included to help connect the cyber security concepts to live business experiences.;
You will learn how to build a successful machine learning project. If you aspire to be a technical leader in AI, and know how to set direction for your team's work, this course will show you how.Much of this content has never been taught elsewhere, and is drawn from my experience building and shipping many deep learning products. This course also has two "flight simulators" that let you practice decision-making as a machine learning project leader. This provides "industry experience" that you might otherwise get only after years of ML work experience.After 2 weeks, you will: - Understand how to diagnose errors in a machine learning system, and - Be able to prioritize the most promising directions for reducing error- Understand complex ML settings, such as mismatched training/test sets, and comparing to and/or surpassing human-level performance- Know how to apply end-to-end learning, transfer learning, and multi-task learningI've seen teams waste months or years through not understanding the principles taught in this course. I hope this two week course will save you months of time.This is a standalone course, and you can take this so long as you have basic machine learning knowledge. This is the third course in the Deep Learning Specialization.;
Pursue better IT security job opportunities and prove knowledge with confidence. The SSCP Professional Training Certificate shows employers you have the IT security foundation to defend against cyber attacks – and puts you on a clear path to earning SSCP certification.Learn on your own schedule with 120-day access to content aligned with the latest (ISC)2 SSCP exam domains. We’re offering the complete online self-paced program for only $1,000 – a $200 savings when you get all domains bundled together.3 Steps to Career Advancement1. Register for the course2. Gain access for 120 days3. Register and sit for the SSCP certification examUpon completing the SSCP Professional Certificate, you will:1. Complete six courses of preparing you to sit for the Systems Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP) certification exam as outlined below.Course 1 - Access ControlsCourse 2 - Security Operations and AdministrationCourse 3 - Risk Identification, Monitoring, and Analysis/Incident Response and RecoveryCourse 4 - CryptographyCourse 5 - Network and Communication SecurityCourse 6 - Systems and Application Security2. Receive a certificate of program completion.3. Understand how to implement, monitor and administer an organization’s IT infrastructure in accordance with security policies and procedures that ensure data confidentiality, integrity and availability.;
This Specialization is an introduction to building web applications for anybody who already has a basic understanding of responsive web design with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Web Applications for Everybody is your introduction to web application development. You will develop web and database applications in PHP, using SQL for database creation, as well as functionality in JavaScript, jQuery, and JSON.Over the course of this Specialization, you will create several web apps to add to your developer portfolio. This Specialization (and its prerequisites) will prepare you, even if you have little to no experience in programming or technology, for entry level web developer jobs in PHP.You’ll demonstrate basic concepts, like database design, while working on assignments that require the development of increasing challenging web apps. From installing a text editor to understanding how a web browser interacts with a web server to handling events with JQuery, you’ll gain a complete introductory overview of web application development.;
The Advanced Business Analytics Specialization brings together academic professionals and experienced practitioners to share real world data analytics skills you can use to grow your business, increase profits, and create maximum value for your shareholders. Learners gain practical skills in extracting and manipulating data using SQL code, executing statistical methods for descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analysis, and effectively interpreting and presenting analytic results.The problems faced by decision makers in today’s competitive business environment are complex. Achieve a clear competitive advantage by using data to explain the performance of a business, evaluate different courses of action, and employ a structured approach to business problem-solving.Check out a one-minute video about this specialization to learn more!;
In this specialization, you will learn the major functions that must be performed by a battery management system, how lithium-ion battery cells work and how to model their behaviors mathematically, and how to write algorithms (computer methods) to estimate state-of-charge, state-of-health, remaining energy, and available power, and how to balance cells in a battery pack.;
Continue developing your skills in TensorFlow as you learn to navigate through a wide range of deployment scenarios and discover new ways to use data more effectively when training your machine learning models.In this four-course Specialization, you’ll learn how to get your machine learning models into the hands of real people on all kinds of devices. Start by understanding how to train and run machine learning models in browsers and in mobile applications. Learn how to leverage built-in datasets with just a few lines of code, learn about data pipelines with TensorFlow data services, use APIs to control data splitting, process all types of unstructured data and retrain deployed models with user data while maintaining data privacy. Apply your knowledge in various deployment scenarios and get introduced to TensorFlow Serving, TensorFlow, Hub, TensorBoard, and more.Industries all around the world are adopting Artificial Intelligence. This Specialization from Laurence Moroney and Andrew Ng will help you develop and deploy machine learning models across any device or platform faster and more accurately than ever.This Specialization builds upon skills learned in the TensorFlow in Practice Specialization. We recommend learners complete that Specialization prior to enrolling in TensorFlow: Data and Deployment.;
Stemming from the principles of storytelling and design established in CalArts’ renowned Animation programs, this Specialization lays a primary foundation for experimentation and exploration of video game design, story, character development, and winning gameplay before programming begins. These four courses emphasize the self-reliance and personal expression of the gaming artist, and encourage you to take conceptual risks and develop new modes of expression and form through gaming. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll put your creative skills to work by generating an engaging game design document for a personal game project, outlining the conceptual, narrative and aesthetic elements of your game.;
Agile teams use “just enough” planning and an incremental approach to accomplishing the work of the team. Every project and every team uses a custom agile methodology. This course discusses common foundational principles and practices used by agile methodologies, providing the student a flexible set of tools to use in any role (e.g. product owner, scrum master, project manager, team member) on any agile team. This course mainly discusses agile and lean principles, the kanban and scrum agile methodologies, and uses Atlassian Jira Software Cloud as the main software tool to apply hands-on learning of the topics. The course includes instruction on "classic" Jira projects as well as the new "next-gen" Jira projects.Students can use the free plan of Atlassian Jira Software Cloud to complete the hands-on labs associated with this course. By the time you have completed this course, you will have a strong foundational understanding of agile principles and practices, and strong hands-on experience with Atlassian Jira Software Cloud. You will be the site administrator for your Jira account, so you will be able to perform basic administration tasks on your site. You should be able to continuously configure your Jira project(s) to match your team's custom agile methodology.You can watch the videos and take the quizzes from your phone if you want, but the hands-on labs using Atlassian Jira Software Cloud require you to have a Windows, Mac or Linux computer.This course tries to be as concise as possible. It will probably take you about 6-12 hours to go through, but your mileage may vary. It is highly encouraged that you apply what you learn to managing personal agile projects after the course is complete.;
This course will teach you how to build models for natural language, audio, and other sequence data. Thanks to deep learning, sequence algorithms are working far better than just two years ago, and this is enabling numerous exciting applications in speech recognition, music synthesis, chatbots, machine translation, natural language understanding, and many others. You will:- Understand how to build and train Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), and commonly-used variants such as GRUs and LSTMs.- Be able to apply sequence models to natural language problems, including text synthesis. - Be able to apply sequence models to audio applications, including speech recognition and music synthesis.This is the fifth and final course of the Deep Learning Specialization.deeplearning.ai is also partnering with the NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute (DLI) in Course 5, Sequence Models, to provide a programming assignment on Machine Translation with deep learning. You will have the opportunity to build a deep learning project with cutting-edge, industry-relevant content.;
Whether you’re a high school graduate exploring manufacturing careers, or an operations manager hungry for an understanding of the newest manufacturing technologies, this specialization will provide a foundation in how digital advances are changing the landscape and capabilities of factories. Nine courses – developed with input from the manufacturing industry – touch on Industry 4.0 and its components, including digital manufacturing and design practices, the concept of the digital thread, the Internet of Things and Big Data. To learn more about the Digital Manufacturing and Design Technology specialization, please watch the overview video by copying and pasting the following link into your web browser: https://youtu.be/wETK1O9c-CA;
This course teaches the theory of Service Level Objectives (SLOs), a principled way of describing and measuring the desired reliability of a service. Upon completion, learners should be able to apply these principles to develop the first SLOs for services they are familiar with in their own organizations.Learners will also learn how to use Service Level Indicators (SLIs) to quantify reliability and Error Budgets to drive business decisions around engineering for greater reliability.  The learner will  understand the components of a meaningful SLI and walk through the process of developing SLIs and SLOs for an example service.;
In this course -- through a combination of video lectures, demonstrations, and hands-on practice -- you’ll learn about the main components of an operating system and how to perform critical tasks like managing software and users, and configuring hardware. By the end of this course you’ll be able to:● navigate the Windows and Linux filesystems using a graphical user interface and command line interpreter● set up users, groups, and permissions for account access● install, configure, and remove software on the Windows and Linux operating systems● configure disk partitions and filesystems● understand how system processes work and how to manage them● work with system logs and remote connection tools● utilize operating system knowledge to troubleshoot common issues in an IT Support Specialist role;
The Cybersecurity Specialization covers the fundamental concepts underlying the construction of secure systems, from the hardware to the software to the human-computer interface, with the use of cryptography to secure interactions. These concepts are illustrated with examples drawn from modern practice, and augmented with hands-on exercises involving relevant tools and techniques. Successful participants will develop a way of thinking that is security-oriented, better understanding how to think about adversaries and how to build systems that defend against them.;
Evaluate business needs, design a data warehouse, and integrate and visualize data using dashboards and visual analytics.This Specialization covers data architecture skills that are increasingly critical across a broad range of technology fields. You’ll learn the basics of structured data modeling, gain practical SQL coding experience, and develop an in-depth understanding of data warehouse design and data manipulation. You’ll have the opportunity to work with large data sets in a data warehouse environment to create dashboards and Visual Analytics. You will use of MicroStrategy, a leading BI tool, OLAP (online analytical processing) and Visual Insights capabilities to create dashboards and Visual Analytics. In the final Capstone Project, you’ll apply your skills to build a small, basic data warehouse, populate it with data, and create dashboards and other visualizations to analyze and communicate the data to a broad audience.;
This 2-week accelerated on-demand course introduces participants to the Big Data and Machine Learning capabilities of Google Cloud Platform (GCP). It provides a quick overview of the Google Cloud Platform and a deeper dive of the data processing capabilities.At the end of this course, participants will be able to:• Identify the purpose and value of the key Big Data and Machine Learning products in the Google Cloud Platform• Use CloudSQL and Cloud Dataproc to migrate existing MySQL and Hadoop/Pig/Spark/Hive workloads to Google Cloud Platform• Employ BigQuery and Cloud Datalab to carry out interactive data analysis• Choose between Cloud SQL, BigTable and Datastore• Train and use a neural network using TensorFlow• Choose between different data processing products on the Google Cloud PlatformBefore enrolling in this course, participants should have roughly one (1) year of experience with one or more of the following:• A common query language such as SQL• Extract, transform, load activities• Data modeling• Machine learning and/or statistics• Programming in PythonGoogle Account Notes:• Google services are currently unavailable in China.;
This 5-course specialization focuses on advanced machine learning topics using Google Cloud Platform where you will get hands-on experience optimizing, deploying, and scaling production ML models of various types in hands-on labs. This specialization picks up where “Machine Learning on GCP” left off and teaches you how to build scalable, accurate, and production-ready models for structured data, image data, time-series, and natural language text. It ends with a course on building recommendation systems. Topics introduced in earlier courses are referenced in later courses, so it is recommended that you take the courses in exactly this order.;
This course is designed to impact the way you think about transforming data into better decisions. Recent extraordinary improvements in data-collecting technologies have changed the way firms make informed and effective business decisions. The course on operations analytics, taught by three of Wharton’s leading experts, focuses on how the data can be used to profitably match supply with demand in various business settings. In this course, you will learn how to model future demand uncertainties, how to predict the outcomes of competing policy choices and how to choose the best course of action in the face of risk. The course will introduce frameworks and ideas that provide insights into a spectrum of real-world business challenges, will teach you methods and software available for tackling these challenges quantitatively as well as the issues involved in gathering the relevant data.This course is appropriate for beginners and business professionals with no prior analytics experience.;
It seems anymore that you can't listen to the news without hearing of a data breach. You may have heard it said before that there are 2 types of companies out there, the ones who have been breached and those who will be breached. Defending against attackers who want to compromise assets can seem like an arduous task, but learning how attacks work and more importantly how to defend against those attacks can be very fulfilling. This specialization is designed to introduce you to practical computer security by teaching you the fundamentals of how you use security in the business world. This course is for those who want to understand how to defend computer systems and assets from attackers and other threats. It is also for those who want to understand how threats and attacks are carried out to help better defend their systems. This specialization is designed for senior business leaders to middle management and system administrators, so they can all speak the same language and get a better handle on their organization's security. Additionally, the course material may help you in passing some industry leading computer security examinations such as Security+ and CISSP.;
Google Sheets is a robust, cloud-based application that empowers you to create sophisticated spreadsheets. Whether you are working at your desk—or from your smartphone or tablet on-the-go—Google Sheets helps you organize, analyze, and share your most important data. In this course for Sheets users, you’ll learn how to make your own supercharged spreadsheets. First, you’ll learn how to input and format your data. Next, you’ll learn how formulas, functions and a few exclusive Google Sheets features can accelerate your data analysis. Finally, you’ll get tips for sharing your spreadsheets and collaborating on them with your team.About the InstructorMalia is a tech professional based in Los Angeles who uses G Suite and Google Sheets everyday to manage projects, collaborate with remote teams, and make data-driven decisions.;
This specialization provides a robust introduction to the key principles and practices of Information Systems Management.The first course describes how Information Systems address business problems. This takes the form of an IT alignment model that describes how Information Systems provide capabilities that enable or support organizational strategy. This component also includes an economic analysis of the Information System.The second course in the specialization entails the practice of modeling information systems. The goal of this course is to describe the Information System defined in the first course, so that the Information System can be developed.The third course provides an overview of the capabilities of modern enterprise systems. The goal of this course is to understand the capabilities of enterprise systems, so that the firm can decide if the requirement identified in the second course can be met by an enterprise system. Managerial aspects related to the selection and implementation of enterprise systems will also be discussed.The fourth course in the specialization describes the IT infrastructure choices available to a modern enterprise and the tradeoffs associated with each alternative. Any large Information System implementation is a significant organizational change initiative that requires careful stewardship.All the courses will deal with the issue of change management and discuss strategies and approaches for achieving a successful implementation.;
If you are a software developer who wants to build scalable AI-powered algorithms, you need to understand how to use the tools to build them. This Specialization will teach you best practices for using TensorFlow, a popular open-source framework for machine learning.In this fourth course, you will learn how to build time series models in TensorFlow. You’ll first implement best practices to prepare time series data. You’ll also explore how RNNs and 1D ConvNets can be used for prediction. Finally, you’ll apply everything you’ve learned throughout the Specialization to build a sunspot prediction model using real-world data!The Machine Learning course and Deep Learning Specialization from Andrew Ng teach the most important and foundational principles of Machine Learning and Deep Learning. This new deeplearning.ai TensorFlow Specialization teaches you how to use TensorFlow to implement those principles so that you can start building and applying scalable models to real-world problems. To develop a deeper understanding of how neural networks work, we recommend that you take the Deep Learning Specialization.;
Ever wonder how major search engines such as Google, Bing and Yahoo rank your website within their searches? Or how content such as videos or local listings are shown and ranked based on what the search engine considers most relevant to users? Welcome to the world of Search Engine Optimization (SEO). This course is the first within the SEO Specialization and it is intended to give you a taste of SEO. You will be introduced to the foundational elements of how search engines work, how the SEO landscape has changed and what you can expect in the future. You discuss core SEO strategies and tactics used to drive more organic search results to a specific website or set of websites, as well as tactics to avoid to prevent penalization from search engines. You will also discover how to position yourself for a successful career in SEO should this subject prove interesting to you. We hope this taste of SEO, will entice you to continue through the Specialization.;
Spreadsheet software remains one of the most ubiquitous pieces of software used in workplaces across the world. Learning to confidently operate this software means adding a highly valuable asset to your employability portfolio. In this third course of our Excel specialization Excel Skills for Business you will delve deeper into some of the most powerful features Excel has to offer. When you have successfully completed the course you will be able toCheck for and prevent errors in spreadsheets, Create powerful automation in spreadsheets, Apply advanced formulas and conditional logic to help make informed business decisions, andCreate spreadsheets that help forecast and model data. Once again, we have brought together a great teaching team that will be with you every step of the way. Nicky, Prashan and myself will guide you through each week. As we are exploring these more advanced topics, we are following Alex who is an Excel consultant called in by businesses that experience issues with their spreadsheets.;
Amazon famously delivers new code every 11.6 seconds. Just a few years ago, this was unthinkable: many ‘cutting edge’ firms would release software quarterly. When it comes to digital innovation, velocity is critical and many would say it’s the most reliable determinant of success. Bringing an organization to the state of the art (or even functional capability) in this area requires strong work in a combination of disciplines and a combination of both technical and managerial skills. There is no single cookie-cutter approach for achieving this capability. Much like agile, the right focus and formulation depends a lot on the facts and circumstances of the team. This course will provide you with the interdisciplinary skill set to cultivate a continuous deployment capability in your organization. After completing this course, you will be able to: 1. Diagnose a team’s delivery pipeline and bring forward prioritized recommendations to improve it2. Explain the skill sets and roles involved in DevOps and how they contribute toward a continuous delivery capability3. Review and deliver automation tests across the development stack4. Explain the key jobs of system operations and how today’s leading techniques and tools apply to them5. Explain how high-functioning teams use DevOps  and related methods to reach a continuous delivery capability 6. Facilitate prioritized, iterative team progress on improving a delivery pipeline;
This course covers a wide variety of IT security concepts, tools, and best practices. It introduces threats and attacks and the many ways they can show up. We’ll give you some background of encryption algorithms and how they’re used to safeguard data. Then, we’ll dive into the three As of information security: authentication, authorization, and accounting. We’ll also cover network security solutions, ranging from firewalls to Wifi encryption options. Finally, we’ll go through a case study, where we examine the security model of Chrome OS. The course is rounded out by putting all these elements together into a multi-layered, in-depth security architecture, followed by recommendations on how to integrate a culture of security into your organization or team.At the end of this course, you’ll understand:● how various encryption algorithms and techniques work as well as their benefits and limitations.● various authentication systems and types.● the difference between authentication and authorization.● how to evaluate potential risks and recommend ways to reduce risk.● best practices for securing a network.● how to help others to grasp security concepts and protect themselves.;
This course will give you an overview of client-side web UI frameworks, in particular Bootstrap 4. You will learn about grids and responsive design, Bootstrap CSS and JavaScript components. You will learn about CSS preprocessors, Less and Sass. You will also learn the basics of Node.js and NPM and task runners like Grunt and Gulp.At the end of this course, you will be able to a)Set up, design and style a web page using Bootstrap 4 and its components, b) Create a responsive web page design, and c) Make use of web tools to setup and manage web sites.This course also includes an honors track that enables you to work on your own project developing a website using Bootstrap 4.Students enrolling in this course should have prior good working knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript.;
In this Specialization, you will learn industry-standard theory and methods for developing successful user interfaces (UIs). Upon completing this Specialization, you will have fluency with the user research, prototyping and evaluation techniques necessary for creating intuitive interfaces that facilitate good user experiences. You will also have demonstrated this fluency through an in-depth Capstone Project that can be shown to prospective employers in the fast-growing field of UI design.Concepts and techniques covered include structured approaches for helping you understand your user base and their needs (e.g. contextual inquiry and design psychology), widely-employed prototyping and design methods (e.g. low-fidelity and paper prototyping), and robust techniques for helping you evaluate your design choices (e.g. heuristic evaluation and user studies). By the end of the Specialization, you will be comfortable applying these concepts and techniques to design an interface for a wide variety of users from around the world.;
The demand placed on today’s engineers goes above and beyond the job description. Products have become complex and engineers are more frequently asked to leave specialized roles and to take on a wide variety of tasks that are beyond their traditional responsibilities. These tasks are centered on form, fit, and function. Engineers need to factor in broader concerns such as cost, procurement, sustainability, manufacturability, and serviceability. Their role has moved away from an individual responsibility to working as part of a collaborative engineering team, executing tradeoffs with both engineering and business stakeholders to meet project goals. These trends have forced today’s engineers to broaden their skillset to be successful.Engineers today are required to be on the cutting edge of design innovation. This means not only understanding engineering principles that govern the title and role, but also perfecting the toolsets needed to design and develop products.Through this specialization, you’ll learn the foundations of applying computer aided design (CAD), computer aided engineering (CAE), and manufacturing principles while developing your technical skills within Autodesk Fusion 360.;
By enrolling in this specialization you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,Welcome to the Coursera course, Industrial Internet of Things (IoT) on Google Cloud Platform (GCP) brought to you by the Google Cloud team. I’m Catherine Gamboa and I’m going to be your guide.This course covers the entire Industrial IoT network architecture from sensors and devices to analysis. The course discusses sensors and devices but the focus is on the cloud side.  You'll learn about the importance of scaling, device communication, and processing streaming data. The course uses simulated devices in the labs to allow you to concentrate on learning the cloud side of IIoT.  The course is a little different than most Coursera courses because there is very little video. Most of the learning is done with short readings, quizzes, and labs.  This course takes about two weeks to complete, 11-12 hours of work with 6 of those hours spent in labs.  By the end of this course, you’ll be able to: create a streaming data pipeline, to create registries with Cloud IoT Core, topics and subscriptions with Cloud Pub/Sub, store data on Google Cloud Storage, query the data in BigQuery, and gain data insights with Dataprep.  You'll learn and practice these skills in 7 labs.  Then you'll have an opportunity to test yourself in an optional capstone lab using simulated devices or Cloud IoT Core Inspector.;
A Recommender System is a process that seeks to predict user preferences. This Specialization covers all the fundamental techniques in recommender systems, from non-personalized and project-association recommenders through content-based and collaborative filtering techniques, as well as advanced topics like matrix factorization, hybrid machine learning methods for recommender systems, and dimension reduction techniques for the user-product preference space.This Specialization is designed to serve both the data mining expert who would want to implement techniques like collaborative filtering in their job, as well as the data literate marketing professional, who would want to gain more familiarity with these topics.The courses offer interactive, spreadsheet-based exercises to master different algorithms, along with an honors track where you can go into greater depth using the LensKit open source toolkit.By the end of this Specialization, you’ll be able to implement as well as evaluate recommender systems. The Capstone Project brings together the course material with a realistic recommender design and analysis project.;
In this first course of the specialization, we will discuss the limitations of the Internet for business and economic activity, and explain how blockchain technology represents the way forward. After completing this course, you will be able to explain what blockchain is, how it works, and why it is revolutionary. You will learn key concepts such as mining, hashing, proof-of-work, public key cryptography, and the double-spend problem. You’ll be able to describe seven design principles for blockchain technology, and the challenges facing the people developing it. You’ll also meet the players in the blockchain ecosystem, and consider your own role in stewarding the blockchain revolution.;
Spreadsheet software remains one of the most ubiquitous pieces of software used in workplaces around the world. Learning to confidently operate this software means adding a highly valuable asset to your employability portfolio. Across the globe, millions of job advertisements requiring Excel skills are posted every day. At a time when digital skills jobs are growing much faster than non-digital jobs, completing this course will position you ahead of others, so keep reading.In this last course of our Specialization Excel Skills for Business you will build on the strong foundations of the first three courses: Essentials, Intermediate I + II.  In the Advanced course, we will prepare you to become a power user of Excel - this is your last step before specializing at a professional level. The topics we have prepared will challenge you as you learn how to use advanced formula techniques and sophisticated lookups. You will clean and prepare data for analysis, and learn how to work with dates and financial functions. An in-depth look at spreadsheet design and documentation will prepare you for our big finale, where you will learn how to build professional dashboards in Excel.;
Through presentations, demonstrations, and readings, this course will introduce security concepts for use with Amazon Web Services (AWS). Each week will focus on different aspects of security on AWS.  In week one we will review some basic concepts such as "least privilege" and the "shared security model".  You will learn about AWS compliance programs, and look at securing AWS accounts using AWS IAM. In the second week, we will focus on securing your infrastructure.  We will look at network isolation and endpoint security.  We will then look at detective controls such as Amazon Cloudtrail and AWS Cloudtrail as well as the AWS Security Hub, Amazon GuardDuty and AWS Config.Week three will focus on data protection. We will look at encryption of data at rest, in motion, and best practices for how to store data within and between various AWS services.In the final week of the course, we will look at protecting compute resources such as Amazon EC2 and AWS Lambda as well as managing secrets and finish off the course with a look at the AWS Well-Architected Framework.Class forums will also allow you to ask questions and interact with AWS training instructors.This course has been developed by AWS, and is delivered by AWS Solutions Architects.;
Useful quantitative models help you to make informed decisions both in situations in which the factors affecting your decision are clear, as well as in situations in which some important factors are not clear at all. In this course, you can learn how to create quantitative models to reflect complex realities, and how to include in your model elements of risk and uncertainty. You’ll also learn the methods for creating predictive models for identifying optimal choices, and how those choices change in response to changes in the model’s assumptions. You’ll also learn the basics of the measurement and management of risk. By the end of this course, you’ll be able to build your own models with your own data, so that you can begin making data-informed decisions. You’ll also be prepared for the next course in the Specialization.;
The two key components of any data pipeline are data lakes and warehouses. This course highlights use-cases for each type of storage and dives into the available data lake and warehouse solutions on Google Cloud Platform in technical detail. Also, this course describes the role of a data engineer, the benefits of a successful data pipeline to business operations, and examines why data engineering should be done in a cloud environment. Learners will get hands-on experience with data lakes and warehouses on Google Cloud Platform using QwikLabs.;
This course highlights the importance and role of software product management. It also provides an overview of the specialization, as well as its goals, structure, and expectations. The course explains the value of process, requirements, planning, and monitoring in producing better software.;
Probabilistic graphical models (PGMs) are a rich framework for encoding probability distributions over complex domains: joint (multivariate) distributions over large numbers of random variables that interact with each other. These representations sit at the intersection of statistics and computer science, relying on concepts from probability theory, graph algorithms, machine learning, and more. They are the basis for the state-of-the-art methods in a wide variety of applications, such as medical diagnosis, image understanding, speech recognition, natural language processing, and many, many more. They are also a foundational tool in formulating many machine learning problems. This course is the first in a sequence of three. It describes the two basic PGM representations: Bayesian Networks, which rely on a directed graph, and Markov networks, which use an undirected graph. The course discusses both the theoretical properties of these representations as well as their use in practice. The (highly recommended) honors track contains several hands-on assignments on how to represent some real-world problems. The course also presents some important extensions beyond the basic PGM representation, which allow more complex models to be encoded compactly.;
Welcome to the world of Unity XR! This specialization includes three courses which will explain the technologies that make XR possible, describe the unique UX concerns around developing for XR, and walk you through developing VR and AR apps for mobile devices. You will learn how Unity supports the many components of a VR app, including tracking, teleporting, interacting with virtual objects, positional audio, and much more. You’ll also see how Unity’s AR Foundation supports building handheld AR apps. XR is a field that is constantly evolving, and we’ll show you what’s on the horizon for VR and AR.;
This Specialization is intended for researchers and business experts seeking state-of-the-art knowledge in advanced science and technology. The 4 courses cover details on Big Data (Hadoop, Spark, Storm), Smartphones, Smart Watches, Android, iOS, CPU/GPU/SoC, Mobile Communications (1G to 5G), Sensors, IoT, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, LP-WAN, Cloud Computing, AR (Augmented Reality), Skype, YouTube, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, MPEG-DASH, CDN, and Video Streaming Services. The Specialization includes projects on Big Data using IBM SPSS Statistics, AR applications, Cloud Computing using AWS (Amazon Web Service) EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud), and Smartphone applications to analyze mobile communication, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth networks. The course contents are for expert level research, design, development, industrial strategic planning, business, administration, and management.;
This accelerated on-demand course introduces participants to the comprehensive and flexible infrastructure and platform services provided by Google Cloud. Through a combination of video lectures, demos, and hands-on labs, participants explore and deploy solution elements, including securely interconnecting networks, load balancing, autoscaling, infrastructure automation and managed services.Prerequisites: To get the most out of this course, participants should have:• Completed Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure or have equivalent experience• Completed Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation or have equivalent experience• Completed Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Core Services or have equivalent experience• Basic proficiency with command-line tools and Linux operating system environments• Systems Operations experience including deploying and managing applications, either on-premises or in a public cloud environment&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
This UX course provides an introduction to the fields of UX research and design. Learners will gain an understanding of what is involved in UX research, including conducting interviews, evaluating systems, and analyzing systems using principles of good design. Learners will also learn about the work involved in UX Design, including the generation of promising design solutions and the creation of prototypes at multiple levels of fidelity. By interleaving successive phases of UX Research and Design, learners will see how to learn from inevitable mistakes and improve towards a product with a great UX.What you'll learn:- The skills needed for UX research and design - How UX researchers discover and assess user needs and assess possible designs - How to conduct a micro-usability test - How UX designers use sketching and prototyping to develop design concepts- How to incorporate a user-centered focus into the design process - Key features of human behavior and describe their impact on the design of interactive systems - Techniques for critiquing and designing interactive systems based on human capabilities and behavior;
Welcome to the Introduction to Embedded Systems Software and Development Environments. This course is focused on giving you real world coding experience and hands on project work with ARM based Microcontrollers. You will learn how to implement software configuration management and develop embedded software applications. Course assignments include creating a build system using the GNU Toolchain GCC, using Git version control, and developing software in Linux on a Virtual Machine. The course concludes with a project where you will create your own build system and firmware that can manipulate memory.The second course in this 2 course series , Embedded Software and Hardware Architecture,  will use hardware tools to program and debug microcontrollers with bare-metal firmware. Using a Texas Instruments MSP432 Development Kit, you will configure a variety of peripherals, write numerous programs, and see your work execute on your own embedded platform!;
Welcome to Introduction to Statistics &amp, Data Analysis in Public Health!This course will teach you the core building blocks of statistical analysis - types of variables, common distributions, hypothesis testing - but, more than that, it will enable you to take a data set you've never seen before, describe its keys features, get to know its strengths and quirks, run some vital basic analyses and then formulate and test hypotheses based on means and proportions. You'll then have a solid grounding to move on to more sophisticated analysis and take the other courses in the series. You'll learn the popular, flexible and completely free software R, used by statistics and machine learning practitioners everywhere. It's hands-on, so you'll first learn about how to phrase a testable hypothesis via examples of medical research as reported by the media. Then you'll work through a data set on fruit and vegetable eating habits: data that are realistically messy, because that's what public health data sets are like in reality. There will be mini-quizzes with feedback along the way to check your understanding. The course will sharpen your ability to think critically and not take things for granted: in this age of uncontrolled algorithms and fake news, these skills are more important than ever.PrerequisitesSome formulae are given to aid understanding, but this is not one of those courses where you need a mathematics degree to follow it. You will need only basic numeracy (for example, we will not use calculus) and familiarity with graphical and tabular ways of presenting results. No knowledge of R or programming is assumed.;
This course provides a deep dive into how to create a chatbot using Dialogflow, augment it with Cloud Natural Language API, and operationalize it using Google Cloud tools.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
"Quantum Computing" is among those terms that are widely discussed but often poorly understood. The reasons of this state of affairs may be numerous, but possibly the most significant among them is that it is a relatively new scientific area, and it's clear interpretations are not yet widely spread. The main obstacle here is the word "quantum", which refers to quantum mechanics - one of the most counter-intuitive ways to describe our world.But fear not! This is not a course on quantum mechanics. We will gently touch it in the beginning and then leave it apart, concentrating on the mathematical model of quantum computer, generously developed for us by physicists. This doesn't mean that the whole course is mathematics either (however there will be enough of it). We will build a simple working quantum computer with our bare hands, and we will consider some algorithms, designed for bigger quantum computers which are not yet developed. The course material is designed for those computer scientists, engineers and programmers who believe, that there's something else than just HLL programming, that will move our computing power further into infinity.Since the course is introductory, the only prerequisites are complex numbers and linear algebra. These two are required and they have to be enough. Happy learning!;
This course is the definitive introduction to blockchain for both the developer and non-developer audience. Beyond the technology, this course will introduce you to some of the philosophy behind decentralization and why there is so much excitement around it. During the first three modules, you'll be introduced to blockchain and the technology behind it. In module four, we'll go beyond bitcoin and delve deeper into a next-generation blockchain called Ethereum to introduce you to what modern blockchains can do. The use cases featured in the final module are drawn from among the businesses in ConsenSys' startup portfolio. We believe we're uniquely positioned to present you with a valuable behind-the-scenes look at the people and companies working in this space to help give you a better understanding of the business side of blockchain.Together, we'll examine businesses use cases, hear from industry leaders, and give you the opportunity to develop and analyze a use case yourself. With this course, not only will you be the one who is able to explain blockchain to your colleagues, you'll be well on your way to making educated business decisions with your new, foundational understanding of the technology.;
This course delves into a variety of processes to structure software development. It also covers the foundations of core Agile practices, such as Extreme Programming and Scrum.;
This course introduces you to the basic biology of modern genomics and the experimental tools that we use to measure it. We'll introduce the Central Dogma of Molecular Biology and cover how next-generation sequencing can be used to measure DNA, RNA, and epigenetic patterns. You'll also get an introduction to the key concepts in computing and data science that you'll need to understand how data from next-generation sequencing experiments are generated and analyzed.  This is the first course in the Genomic Data Science Specialization.;
"Excel/VBA for Creative Problem Solving, Part 2" builds off of knowledge and skills obtained in "Excel/VBA for Creative Problem Solving, Part 1" and is aimed at learners who are seeking to augment, expand, optimize, and increase the efficiency of their Excel spreadsheet skills by tapping into the powerful programming, automation, and customization capabilities available with Visual Basic for Applications (VBA).In Part 2 of the course, learners will: 1) learn how to work with arrays and import/export arrays from/to Excel using VBA code, 2) learn how to work with text strings and write data to .txt files and import information from .txt files, 3) automate the import, modification, and consolidation of information from multiple worksheets into a central worksheet as well as the import of information from multiple workbooks to a central workbook, and 4) gain experience with creating professional user forms to interface with the user, perform advanced calculations, and manipulate data on the spreadsheet.Learners who have a foundational understanding of VBA code and programming structures can jump right into Part 2 of the course without taking Part 1 and use the screencasts in Part 1 as reference.Each module will introduce foundational and broad problems inspired by situations that you might encounter in the real world.  To pass each module, you'll need to pass a mastery quiz and complete a problem solving assignment.  This course is unique in that the weekly assignments are completed in-application (i.e., on your own computer in Excel), providing you with valuable hands-on training.;
Welcome to the Coursera specialization, From Data to Insights with Google Cloud Platform brought to you by the Google Cloud team. I’m Evan Jones (a data enthusiast) and I’m going to be your guide.This first course in this specialization is Exploring and Preparing your Data with BigQuery. Here we will see what the common challenges faced by data analysts are and how to solve them with the big data tools on Google Cloud Platform. You’ll pick up some SQL along the way and become very familiar with using BigQuery and Cloud Dataprep to analyze and transform your datasets.This course should take about one week to complete, 5-7 total hours of work.  By the end of this course, you’ll be able to query and draw insight from millions of records in our BigQuery public datasets. You’ll learn how to assess the quality of your datasets and develop an automated data cleansing pipeline that will output to BigQuery. Lastly, you’ll get to practice writing and troubleshooting SQL on a real Google Analytics e-commerce dataset to drive marketing insights.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this specialization you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
This course gives you the basic foundational principles of DevOps with a particular focus on culture and the DevOps mindset. We’ll learn about how DevOps is grounded in lean principles, and how it can help improve collaboration between developers and operations team members. We'll learn about ideas regarding systems thinking, feedback loops, continuous improvement, loosely coupled architecture and teams, managing risk, and dealing with unplanned work. We’ll learn about strategies to manage work, monitor it, keep it organized, and maintain a high level of quality by following key DevOps principles. We’ll also discuss various organizational models and structures that are used by companies in their DevOps transformations. You’ll learn about value stream mapping, and ensuring continuous workflow. Ultimately, we'll learn key ideas and tactics that you can employ at your own organizations to improve both time-to-market and increase the value delivered for your customers, no matter your product line or industry.;
In this course, you will learn new data structures for efficiently storing and retrieving data that is structured in an ordered sequence. Such data includes an alphabetical list of names, a family tree, a calendar of events or an inventory organized by part numbers. The specific data structures covered by this course include arrays, linked lists, queues, stacks, trees, binary trees, AVL trees, B-trees and heaps. This course also shows, through algorithm complexity analysis, how these structures enable the fastest algorithms to search and sort data.;
In this course, you'll get a big-picture view of using SQL for big data, starting with an overview of data, database systems, and the common querying language (SQL). Then you'll learn the characteristics of big data and SQL tools for working on big data platforms. You'll also install an exercise environment (virtual machine) to be used through the specialization courses, and you'll have an opportunity to do some initial exploration of databases and tables in that environment.By the end of the course, you will be able to• distinguish operational from analytic databases, and understand how these are applied in big data,• understand how database and table design provides structures for working with data,• appreciate how differences in volume and variety of data affects your choice of an appropriate database system,• recognize the features and benefits of SQL dialects designed to work with big data systems for storage and analysis, and • explore databases and tables in a big data platform.To use the hands-on environment for this course, you need to download and install a virtual machine and the software on which to run it. Before continuing, be sure that you have access to a computer that meets the following hardware and software requirements:• Windows, macOS, or Linux operating system (iPads and Android tablets will not work)• 64-bit operating system (32-bit operating systems will not work)• 8 GB RAM or more• 25GB free disk space or more• Intel VT-x or AMD-V virtualization support enabled (on Mac computers with Intel processors, this is always enabled,on Windows and Linux computers, you might need to enable it in the BIOS)• For Windows XP computers only: You must have an unzip utility such as 7-Zip or WinZip installed (Windows XP’s built-in unzip utility will not work);
In this course, you’ll learn how to keep track of the different versions of your code and configuration files using a popular version control system (VCS) called Git. We'll also go through how to setup an account with a service called GitHub so that you can create your very own remote repositories to store your code and configuration. Throughout this course, you'll learn about Git's core functionality so you can understand how and why it’s used in organizations. We’ll look into both basic and more advanced features, like branches and merging. We'll demonstrate how having a working knowledge of a VCS like Git can be a lifesaver in emergency situations or when debugging. And then we'll explore how to use a VCS to work with others through remote repositories, like the ones provided by GitHub.By the end of this course, you'll be able to store your code's history in Git and collaborate with others in GitHub, where you’ll also start creating your own portfolio! In order to follow along and complete the assessments, you’ll need a computer where you can install Git or ask your administrator to install it for you.;
This intermediate-level course introduces the mathematical foundations to derive Principal Component Analysis (PCA), a fundamental dimensionality reduction technique. We'll cover some basic statistics of data sets, such as mean values and variances, we'll compute distances and angles between vectors using inner products and derive orthogonal projections of data onto lower-dimensional subspaces. Using all these tools, we'll then derive PCA as a method that minimizes the average squared reconstruction error between data points and their reconstruction.At the end of this course, you'll be familiar with important mathematical concepts and you can implement PCA all by yourself. If you’re struggling, you'll find a set of jupyter notebooks that will allow you to explore properties of the techniques and walk you through what you need to do to get on track. If you are already an expert, this course may refresh some of your knowledge.The lectures, examples and exercises require:1. Some ability of abstract thinking2. Good background in linear algebra (e.g., matrix and vector algebra, linear independence, basis)3. Basic background in multivariate calculus (e.g., partial derivatives, basic optimization)4. Basic knowledge in python programming and numpyDisclaimer: This course is substantially more abstract and requires more programming than the other two courses of the specialization. However, this type of abstract thinking, algebraic manipulation and programming is necessary if you want to understand and develop machine learning algorithms.;
Apache Spark is the de-facto standard for large scale data processing. This is the first course of a series of courses towards the IBM Advanced Data Science Specialization. We strongly believe that is is crucial for success to start learning a scalable data science platform since memory and CPU constraints are to most limiting factors when it comes to building advanced machine learning models.In this course we teach you the fundamentals of Apache Spark using python and pyspark. We'll introduce Apache Spark in the first two weeks and learn how to apply it to compute basic exploratory and data pre-processing tasks in the last two weeks. Through this exercise you'll also be introduced to the most fundamental statistical measures and data visualization technologies.This gives you enough knowledge to take over the role of a data engineer in any modern environment. But it gives you also the basis for advancing your career towards data science. Please have a look at the full specialization curriculum:https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-data-science-ibmIf you choose to take this course and earn the Coursera course certificate, you will also earn an IBM digital badge.  To find out more about IBM digital badges follow the link ibm.biz/badging.After completing this course, you will be able to:•	Describe how basic statistical measures, are used to reveal  patterns within the data •	Recognize data characteristics, patterns, trends, deviations or inconsistencies, and potential outliers.•	Identify useful techniques for working with big data such as dimension reduction and feature selection methods •	Use advanced tools and charting libraries to:      o	improve efficiency of analysis of big-data with partitioning and parallel analysis       o	Visualize the data in an number of 2D and 3D formats (Box Plot, Run Chart, Scatter Plot, Pareto Chart, and Multidimensional Scaling)For successful completion of the course, the following prerequisites are recommended: •	Basic programming skills in python•	Basic math•	Basic SQL (you can get it easily from https://www.coursera.org/learn/sql-data-science if needed)In order to complete this course, the following technologies will be used:(These technologies are introduced in the course as necessary so no previous knowledge is required.)•	Jupyter notebooks (brought to you by IBM Watson Studio for free)•	ApacheSpark (brought to you by IBM Watson Studio for free)•	PythonWe've been reported that some of the material in this course is too advanced. So in case you feel the same, please have a look at the following materials first before starting this course, we've been reported that this really helps.Of course, you can give this course a try first and then in case you need, take the following courses / materials. It's free...https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/sparkhttps://dataplatform.cloud.ibm.com/analytics/notebooks/v2/f8982db1-5e55-46d6-a272-fd11b670be38/view?access_token=533a1925cd1c4c362aabe7b3336b3eae2a99e0dc923ec0775d891c31c5bbbc68This course takes four weeks, 4-6h per week;
Muchas personas ya conocen al bitcoin, la moneda digital que en pocos años pasó de valer unos pocos centavos a miles de dólares. Pero esto es sólo la punta del iceberg de un fenómeno mucho más grande. El blockchain, la tecnología en la que se basa el bitcoin, tiene el potencial de disrumpir los negocios, las finanzas, las leyes y hasta los gobiernos.¿Imaginas un mundo sin bancos? ¿Sin abogados? ¿Imaginas una red social que te pagara cada vez que publiques un post? ¿Una plataforma para compartir música, donde todos los ingresos queden en manos del artista? Este es uno de los primeros programas sobre blockchain disponibles en Coursera. Es dictado por Federico Ast, profesor de la Facultad de Ciencias Empresariales de la Universidad Austral, Doctor en Dirección de Empresas y emprendedor con amplia experiencia en la industria del blockchain. Es fundador de Kleros, un proyecto que utiliza el blockchain para la transformación de los sistemas legales y de justicia.Las 5 semanas del curso te ofrecerán un amplio panorama teórico y práctico del impacto del blockchain en el ámbito legal, tecnológico, económico y social.Te invitamos a una inmersión en una de las tecnologías de mayor potencial de transformación de los próximos años.¡Bienvenido a la disrupción del blockchain!";
This first course of the Blockchain specialization provides a broad overview of the essential concepts of blockchain technology – by initially exploring the Bitcoin protocol followed by the Ethereum protocol – to lay the foundation necessary for developing applications and programming. You will be equipped with the knowledge needed to create nodes on your personal Ethereum blockchain, create accounts, unlock accounts, mine, transact, transfer Ethers, and check balances.       You will learn about the decentralized peer-to-peer network, an immutable distributed ledger and the trust model that defines a blockchain. This course enables you to explain basic components of a blockchain (transaction, block, block header, and the chain) its operations (verification, validation, and consensus model) underlying algorithms, and essentials of trust (hard fork and soft fork). Content includes the hashing and cryptography foundations indispensable to blockchain programming, which is the focus of two subsequent specialization courses, Smart Contracts and Decentralized Applications (Dapps). You will work on a virtual machine image, specifically created for this course, to build an Ethereum test chain and operate on the chain. This hands-on activity will help you understand the workings of a blockchain, its transactions, blocks and mining.Main concepts are delivered through videos, demos and hands-on exercises.;
Galileo dijo: "El Universo está escrito en lenguaje matemático y los caracteres son triángulos, círculos y otras figuras geométricas, sin las que es humanamente imposible entender una sola palabra".Para entender el Universo, es necesario plantear leyes que expliquen su comportamiento, como pueden ser las leyes de la gravedad, la propagación del calor, el electromagnetismo, la reproducción celular, el crecimiento poblacional, la propagación de las enfermedades, la variación de los precios de las acciones en la bolsa de valores, el comportamiento de las masas ante un conflicto, etcétera.    Todas estas leyes se plantean utilizando ecuaciones, algunas muy sencillas, otras no tanto. Para poder aplicar estas ecuaciones para resolver problemas, es necesario manipularlas  siguiendo ciertas reglas que nos da el álgebra.    Piensa en el álgebra como la gramática, que nos dice cómo traducir nuestras ideas al lenguaje, cómo formar frases y oraciones a partir de palabras, cómo conjugar verbos, a identificar las partes de una oración, las reglas de acentuación, etcétera.    En este curso aprenderás a construir expresiones algebraicas a partir de frases, lo que te permitirá resolver problemas en los que  conoces algunos datos numéricos y necesitas encontrar otros.    Podrás plantear y resolver ecuaciones de primer grado, ecuaciones simultáneas y ecuaciones de segundo grado.    Este curso te va a ser muy útil si actualmente estas llevando un curso de álgebra en la escuela y tienes problemas con él. También si ya has estudiado álgebra y necesitas repasarla, ya que necesitas recordarla para tener éxito en otros cursos más avanzados, como Geometría Analítica, Cálculo o Estadística.;
This course will empower you with the skills to scale data science and machine learning (ML) tasks on Big Data sets using Apache Spark. Most real world machine learning work involves very large data sets that go beyond the CPU, memory and storage limitations of a single computer. Apache Spark is an open source framework that leverages cluster computing and distributed storage to process extremely large data sets in an efficient and cost effective manner. Therefore an applied knowledge of working with Apache Spark is a great asset and potential differentiator for a Machine Learning engineer.After completing this course, you will be able to:- gain a practical understanding of Apache Spark, and apply it to solve machine learning problems involving both small and big data- understand how parallel code is written, capable of running on thousands of CPUs. - make use of large scale compute clusters to apply machine learning algorithms on Petabytes of data using Apache SparkML Pipelines. - eliminate out-of-memory errors generated by traditional machine learning frameworks when data doesn’t fit in a computer's main memory- test thousands of different ML models in parallel to find the best performing one – a technique used by many successful Kagglers- (Optional) run SQL statements on very large data sets using Apache SparkSQL and the Apache Spark DataFrame API.Enrol now to learn the machine learning techniques for working with Big Data that have been successfully applied by companies like Alibaba, Apple, Amazon, Baidu, eBay, IBM, NASA, Samsung, SAP, TripAdvisor, Yahoo!, Zalando and many others.NOTE: You will practice running machine learning tasks hands-on on an Apache Spark cluster provided by IBM at no charge during the course which you can continue to use afterwards.Prerequisites:- basic python programming- basic machine learning (optional introduction videos are provided in this course as well)- basic SQL skills for optional contentThe following courses are recommended before taking this class (unless you already have the skills)https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-for-applied-data-science or similarhttps://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-with-python or similarhttps://www.coursera.org/learn/sql-data-science for optional lectures;
This course introduces you to the concept of conflict transformation and how it differs from conflict resolution, management, and prevention. We’ll see how conflict offers opportunities for constructive change, and we'll explore different tools and methods for engaging conflict constructively.Regardless of your familiarity with the topic, you'll get insightful tips, portable handouts, lively demonstrations, and personalized assignments to bridge and enhance your own knowledge and history within the conflict narrative. In any area of your life, you'll benefit from the practical techniques and transferable information offered throughout this five-week journey.;
The courses in this specialization can also be taken for academic credit as ECEA 5385-5387, part of CU Boulder’s Master of Science in Electrical Engineering degree. Enroll here.In this specialization, you will engage the vast array of technologies that can be used to build an industrial internet of things deployment. You'll encounter market sizes and opportunities, operating systems, networking concepts, many security topics, how to plan, staff and execute a project plan, sensors, file systems and how storage devices work, machine learning and big data analytics, an introduction to SystemC, techniques for debugging deeply embedded systems, promoting technical ideas within a company and learning from failures. In addition, students will learn several key business concepts important for engineers to understand, like CapEx (capital expenditure) for buying a piece of lab equipment and OpEx (operational expense) for rent, utilities and employee salaries.;
In this course, "Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Foundations," you get a review of the layout and principles of Google Cloud Platform, followed by an introduction to creating and managing software containers and an introduction to the architecture of Kubernetes.This course is part of a specialization focused on building efficient computing infrastructures using Kubernetes and Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). The specialization introduces participants to deploying and managing containerized applications on GKE and the other services provided by Google Cloud Platform. Through a combination of presentations, demos, and hands-on labs, participants explore and deploy solution elements, including infrastructure components such as pods, containers, deployments, and services, as well as networks and application services. The specialization also covers deploying practical solutions including security and access management, resource management, and resource monitoring.Note: Those seeking an abbreviated overview of Kubernetes may want to consider Getting Started with Google Kubernetes Engine.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
This course is for finance professionals, investment management professionals, and traders. Alternatively, this Specialization can be for machine learning professionals who seek to apply their craft to trading strategies. At the end of the course you will be able to do the following: - Design basic quantitative trading strategies - Use Keras and Tensorflow to build machine learning models- Build a pair trading strategy prediction model and back test it- Build a momentum-based trading model and back test itTo be successful in this course, you should have a basic competency in Python programming and familiarity with the Scikit Learn, Statsmodels and Pandas library. You should have a background in statistics (expected values and standard deviation, Gaussian distributions, higher moments, probability, linear regressions) and foundational knowledge of financial markets (equities, bonds, derivatives, market structure, hedging).;
The primary topics in this part of the specialization are: data structures (heaps, balanced search trees, hash tables, bloom filters), graph primitives (applications of breadth-first and depth-first search, connectivity, shortest paths), and their applications (ranging from deduplication to social network analysis).;
Esta especialización presenta a los participantes servicios flexibles y completos de infraestructura y plataforma proporcionados por Google Cloud Platform. Mediante una serie de presentaciones, demostraciones y labs prácticos, pueden explorar y también implementar elementos de soluciones, incluidos los componentes de la infraestructura como las redes, los sistemas y los servicios de aplicaciones. Además, en este curso se estudia la implementación de soluciones prácticas como la interconexión segura de redes, las claves de encriptación proporcionadas por el cliente, la administración de seguridad y accesos, las cuotas, la facturación y la supervisión de recursos.Esta clase está destinada al siguiente público:● Ingenieros DevOps y arquitectos de soluciones de nube● Personas que usan Google Cloud Platform para crear soluciones nuevas o integrar sistemas, infraestructuras y entornos de aplicaciones existentes con Google Cloud Platform&gt,&gt,&gt, Al inscribirse en esta especialización acepta los Términos de Servicio de Qwiklabs según lo establecido en las Preguntas Frecuentes, disponibles en el apartado: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
Cybersecurity is an essential business skill for the evolving workplace. For-profit companies, government agencies, and not-for-profit organizations all need technologically proficient, business-savvy information technology security professionals. In this Specialization, you will learn about a variety of processes for protecting business assets through policy, education and training, and technology best practices. You’ll develop an awareness of the risks and cyber threats or attacks associated with modern information usage, and explore key technical and managerial topics required for a balanced approach to information protection. Topics will include mobility, the Internet of Things, the human factor, governance and management practices.;
This course equips students to build highly reliable and efficient solutions on Google Cloud using proven design patterns. It is a continuation of the Architecting with Google Compute Engine or Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine courses and assumes hands-on experience with the technologies covered in either of those courses. Through a combination of presentations, design activities, and hands-on labs, participants learn to define and balance business and technical requirements to design Google Cloud deployments that are highly reliable, highly available, secure, and cost-effective.This course teaches participants the following skills:● Apply a tool set of questions, techniques, and design considerations● Define application requirements and express them objectively as KPIs, SLOs and SLIs● Decompose application requirements to find the right microservice boundaries● Leverage Google Cloud developer tools to set up modern, automated deployment pipelines● Choose the appropriate Cloud Storage services based on application requirements● Architect cloud and hybrid networks● Implement reliable, scalable, resilient applications balancing key performance metrics with cost● Choose the right Google Cloud deployment services for your applications● Secure cloud applications, data, and infrastructure● Monitor service level objectives and costs using Google Cloud toolsPrerequisites● Completion of prior courses in the Architecting with Google Cloud Platform Specialization, Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine or have equivalent experience● Basic proficiency with command-line tools and Linux operating system environments● Systems Operations experience including deploying and managing applications, either on-premises or in a public cloudenvironment;
The goal of this course is to give learners basic understanding of modern neural networks and their applications in computer vision and natural language understanding. The course starts with a recap of linear models and discussion of stochastic optimization methods that are crucial for training deep neural networks. Learners will study all popular building blocks of neural networks including fully connected layers, convolutional and recurrent layers. Learners will use these building blocks to define complex modern architectures in TensorFlow and Keras frameworks. In the course project learner will implement deep neural network for the task of image captioning which solves the problem of giving a text description for an input image.The prerequisites for this course are: 1) Basic knowledge of Python.2) Basic linear algebra and probability.Please note that this is an advanced course and we assume basic knowledge of machine learning. You should understand:1) Linear regression: mean squared error, analytical solution.2) Logistic regression: model, cross-entropy loss, class probability estimation.3) Gradient descent for linear models. Derivatives of MSE and cross-entropy loss functions.4) The problem of overfitting.5) Regularization for linear models.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
This course will provide you with a firm foundation in lithium-ion cell terminology and function and in battery-management-system requirements as needed by the remainder of the specialization. After completing this course, you will be able to:-	List the major functions provided by a battery-management system and state their purpose-	Match battery terminology to a list of definitions-	Identify the major components of a lithium-ion cell and their purpose-	Understand how a battery-management system “measures” current, temperature, and isolation, and how it controls contactors-	Identify electronic components that can provide protection and specify a minimum set of protections needed-	Compute stored energy in a battery pack-	List the manufacturing steps of different types of lithium-ion cells and possible failure modes;
This course covers practical techniques to elicit and express software requirements from client interactions.;
In this course, you'll walk through installation steps for installing a text editor, installing MAMP or XAMPP (or equivalent) and creating a MySql Database. You'll learn about single table queries and the basic syntax of the SQL language, as well as database design with multiple tables, foreign keys, and the JOIN operation. Lastly, you'll learn to model many-to-many relationships like those needed to represent users, roles, and courses.;
Looking to start a career in Deep Learning? Look no further. This course will introduce you to the field of deep learning and help you answer many questions that people are asking nowadays, like what is deep learning, and how do deep learning models compare to artificial neural networks? You will learn about the different deep learning models and build your first deep learning model using the Keras library.After completing this course, learners will be able to:•	describe what a neural network is, what a deep learning model is, and the difference between them.•	demonstrate an understanding of unsupervised deep learning models such as autoencoders and restricted Boltzmann machines.•	demonstrate an understanding of supervised deep learning models such as convolutional neural networks and recurrent networks.•	build deep learning models and networks using the Keras library.;
In this course, we will explore basic principles behind using data for estimation and for assessing theories. We will analyze both categorical data and quantitative data, starting with one population techniques and expanding to handle comparisons of two populations. We will learn how to construct confidence intervals. We will also use sample data to assess whether or not a theory about the value of a parameter is consistent with the data. A major focus will be on interpreting inferential results appropriately.  At the end of each week, learners will apply what they’ve learned using Python within the course environment. During these lab-based sessions, learners will work through tutorials focusing on specific case studies to help solidify the week’s statistical concepts, which will include further deep dives into Python libraries including Statsmodels, Pandas, and Seaborn. This course utilizes the Jupyter Notebook environment within Coursera.;
&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the End User License Agreement as set out in the FAQ.  Once enrolled you can access the license in the Resources area &lt,&lt,&lt,This course, Advanced Machine Learning and Signal Processing, is part of the IBM Advanced Data Science Specialization which IBM is currently creating and gives you easy access to the invaluable insights into Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning Models used by experts in many field relevant disciplines. We’ll learn about the fundamentals of Linear Algebra to understand how machine learning modes work. Then we introduce the most popular Machine Learning Frameworks for python Scikit-Learn and SparkML. SparkML is making up the greatest portion of this course since scalability is key to address performance bottlenecks. We learn how to tune the models in parallel by evaluating hundreds of different parameter-combinations in parallel. We’ll continuously use a real-life example from IoT (Internet of Things), for exemplifying the different algorithms. For passing the course you are even required to create your own vibration sensor data using the accelerometer sensors in your smartphone. So you are actually working on a self-created, real dataset throughout the course.If you choose to take this course and earn the Coursera course certificate, you will also earn an IBM digital badge.  To find out more about IBM digital badges follow the link ibm.biz/badging.;
Statistical inference is the process of drawing conclusions about populations or scientific truths from data. There are many modes of performing inference including statistical modeling, data oriented strategies and explicit use of designs and randomization in analyses. Furthermore, there are broad theories (frequentists, Bayesian, likelihood, design based, …) and numerous complexities (missing data, observed and unobserved confounding, biases) for performing inference. A practitioner can often be left in a debilitating maze of techniques, philosophies and nuance. This course presents the fundamentals of inference in a practical approach for getting things done. After taking this course, students will understand the broad directions of statistical inference and use this information for making informed choices in analyzing data.;
Have you ever heard about such technologies as HDFS, MapReduce, Spark? Always wanted to learn these new tools but missed concise starting material? Don’t miss this course either!In this 6-week course you will:- learn some basic technologies of the modern Big Data landscape, namely: HDFS, MapReduce and Spark,- be guided both through systems internals and their applications,- learn about distributed file systems, why they exist and what function they serve,- grasp the MapReduce framework, a workhorse for many modern Big Data applications,- apply the framework to process texts and solve sample business cases,- learn about Spark, the next-generation computational framework,- build a strong understanding of Spark basic concepts,- develop skills to apply these tools to creating solutions in finance, social networks, telecommunications and many other fields.Your learning experience will be as close to real life as possible with the chance to evaluate your practical assignments on a real cluster. No mocking, a friendly considerate atmosphere to make the process of your learning smooth and enjoyable. Get ready to work with real datasets alongside with real masters!Special thanks to:- Prof. Mikhail Roytberg, APT dept., MIPT, who was the initial reviewer of the project, the supervisor and mentor of half of the BigData team. He was the one, who helped to get this show on the road.- Oleg Sukhoroslov (PhD, Senior Researcher at IITP RAS), who has been teaching  MapReduce, Hadoop  and friends since 2008. Now he is leading the infrastructure team.- Oleg Ivchenko (PhD student APT dept., MIPT), Pavel Akhtyamov (MSc. student at APT dept., MIPT) and Vladimir Kuznetsov (Assistant at P.G. Demidov Yaroslavl State University), superbrains who have developed and now maintain the infrastructure used for practical assignments in this course.- Asya Roitberg, Eugene Baulin, Marina Sudarikova. These people never sleep to babysit this course day and night, to make your learning experience productive, smooth and exciting.;
Typically, clients and managers don't want to pay for design (or strategy) -- they want ‘results’! Too often, this leads to solutions that just don’t make sense and aren’t valuable to anyone. Design sprints allow you to meet client's desire for quick, specific outcomes while making time to do things right. In this course, we'll show you how to plan and run situation-appropriate sprints to avoid waste and deliver value sooner. You'll explore how to do this across customer discovery, testing with Learn Startup, usability testing, and product architecture.  As a  Project Management Institute (PMI®) Registered Education Provider, the University of Virginia Darden School of Business has been approved by PMI to issue 25 professional development units (PDUs) for this course, which focuses on core competencies recognized by PMI. (Provider #2122) This course is supported by the Batten Institute at UVA’s Darden School of Business. The Batten Institute’s mission is to improve the world through entrepreneurship and innovation: www.batteninstitute.org.;
In this course, you'll explore the basic structure of a web application, and how a web browser interacts with a web server. You'll be introduced to the request/response cycle, including GET/POST/Redirect. You'll also gain an introductory understanding of Hypertext Markup Language (HTML), as well as the basic syntax and data structures of the PHP language, variables, logic, iteration, arrays, error handling, and superglobal variables, among other elements. An introduction to Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) will allow you to style markup for webpages. Lastly, you'll gain the skills and knowledge to install and use an integrated PHP/MySQL environment like XAMPP or MAMP.;
Welcome! This course is an introduction to the primary concepts of gaming, and an exploration of how these basic concepts affect the way gamers interact with our games. In this course you will understand what defines a “game” and the mechanics and rules behind different types of games. Through four linked assignments you'll learn ways to create and describe a game concept, and specifically what makes a compelling game. This course focuses on the conceptual underpinnings of games, and all assignments can be completed with a pencil and paper – no previous programming knowledge is required.;
The impact of technology and networks on our lives, culture, and society continues to increase. The very fact that you can take this course from anywhere in the world requires a technological infrastructure that was designed, engineered, and built over the past sixty years. To function in an information-centric world, we need to understand the workings of network technology. This course will open up the Internet and show you how it was created, who created it and how it works. Along the way we will meet many of the innovators who developed the Internet and Web technologies that we use today. What You Will Learn:After this course you will not take the Internet and Web for granted. You will be better informed about important technological issues currently facing society. You will realize that the Internet and Web are spaces for innovation and you will get a better understanding of how you might fit into that innovation. If you get excited about the material in this course, it is a great lead-in to taking a course in Web design, Web development, programming, or even network administration. At a minimum, you will be a much wiser network citizen.;
This Specialization covers the development of Internet of Things (IoT) products and services—including devices for sensing, actuation, processing, and communication—to help you develop skills and experiences you can employ in designing novel systems. The Specialization has theory and lab sections. In the lab sections you will learn hands-on IoT concepts such as sensing, actuation and communication. In the final Capstone Project, developed in partnership with Qualcomm, you’ll apply the skills you learned on a project of your choice using the DragonBoard 410c platform.;
This course is focused on the early user experience (UX) challenges of research, planning, setting goals, understanding the user, structuring content, and developing interactive sequences. While the concepts covered will translate to many kinds of interactive media (apps, digital kiosks, games), our primary focus will be on designing contemporary, responsive websites. In this course you will complete the first half of a large scale project—developing a comprehensive plan for a complex website—by defining the strategy and scope of the site, as well as developing its information architecture and overall structure. Along the way we will also discuss:- Different job descriptions in the web design industry and where UX and UI skills fall within this spectrum - The difference between native apps and websites - The difference of agile vs. waterfall approaches - User personas and site personas - User testingThe work and knowledge in this course continues in the last course in the UI/UX Design Specialization, Web Design: Wireframes to Prototypes, where you will tackle—finally—wireframes, visual mockups, and clickable prototypes.This is the third course in the UI/UX Design Specialization, which brings a design-centric approach to user interface (UI) and user experience (UX) design, and offers practical, skill-based instruction centered around a visual communications perspective, rather than on one focused on marketing or programming alone.These courses are ideal for anyone with some experience in graphic or visual design and who would like to build their skill set in UI or UX for app and web design. It would also be ideal for anyone with experience in front- or back-end web development or human-computer interaction and want to sharpen their visual design and analysis skills for UI or UX.;
This specialization is intended for software engineers, development and product managers, testers, QA analysts, product analysts, tech writers, and security engineers. Even if you have experience in the requirements realm, this course will expand your knowledge to include new viewpoints, development styles, techniques and tools.For anyone seeking a graduate degree, certificate, or professional degree in computer science, these courses will additionally give you a broad understanding of how requirements engineering is performed and help you get a first foot forward into your upcoming careers.The Software Requirements specialization focuses on traditional software requirements elicitation and writing techniques, while also looking at requirements from a security standpoint. In traditional methods, non-functional requirements, such as security, are often ignored overall. In this specialization, students will be introduced to ways of eliciting requirements from stakeholders, how to analyze these requirements, conduct risk mitigation and analysis, prioritize requirements, document, and bring security concerns into the software lifecycle early on.;
Database Management Essentials provides the foundation you need for a career in database development, data warehousing, or business intelligence, as well as for the entire Data Warehousing for Business Intelligence specialization. In this course, you will create relational databases, write SQL statements to extract information to satisfy business reporting requests, create entity relationship diagrams (ERDs) to design databases, and analyze table designs for excessive redundancy. As you develop these skills, you will use either Oracle or MySQL to execute SQL statements and a database diagramming tool such as the ER Assistant or Visual Paradigm to create ERDs. We’ve designed this course to ensure a common foundation for specialization learners. Everyone taking the course can jump right in with writing SQL statements in Oracle or MySQL.;
This course will introduce the learner to network analysis through tutorials using the NetworkX library. The course begins with an understanding of what network analysis is and motivations for why we might model phenomena as networks. The second week introduces the concept of connectivity and network robustness. The third week will explore ways of measuring the importance or centrality of a node in a network. The final week will explore the evolution of networks over time and cover models of network generation and the link prediction problem. This course should be taken after: Introduction to Data Science in Python, Applied Plotting, Charting &amp, Data Representation in Python, and Applied Machine Learning in Python.;
This course covers commonly used statistical inference methods for numerical and categorical data. You will learn how to set up and perform hypothesis tests, interpret p-values, and report the results of your analysis in a way that is interpretable for clients or the public. Using numerous data examples, you will learn to report estimates of quantities in a way that expresses the uncertainty of the quantity of interest. You will be guided through installing and using R and RStudio (free statistical software), and will use this software for lab exercises and a final project. The course introduces practical tools for performing data analysis and explores the fundamental concepts necessary to interpret and report results for both categorical and numerical data;
Incorporating machine learning into data pipelines increases the ability of businesses to extract insights from their data. This course covers several ways machine learning can be included in data pipelines on Google Cloud Platform depending on the level of customization required. For little to no customization, this course covers AutoML. For more tailored machine learning capabilities, this course introduces AI Platform Notebooks and BigQuery Machine Learning. Also, this course covers how to productionalize machine learning solutions using Kubeflow. Learners will get hands-on experience building machine learning models on Google Cloud Platform using QwikLabs.;
A modern VLSI chip has a zillion parts -- logic, control, memory, interconnect, etc.  How do we design these complex chips?  Answer: CAD software tools.  Learn how to build thesA modern VLSI chip is a remarkably complex beast:  billions of transistors, millions of logic gates deployed for computation and control, big blocks of memory, embedded blocks of pre-designed functions designed by third parties (called “intellectual property” or IP blocks).  How do people manage to design these complicated chips?  Answer: a sequence of computer aided design (CAD) tools takes an abstract description of the chip, and refines it step-wise to a final design. This class focuses on the major design tools used in the creation of an Application Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) or System on Chip (SoC) design. Our focus in this first part of the course is on key Boolean logic representations that make it possible to synthesize, and to verify, the gate-level logic in these designs.  This is the first step of the design chain, as we move from logic to layout.    Our goal is for students to understand how the tools themselves work, at the level of their fundamental algorithms and data structures. Topics covered will include: Computational Boolean algebra, logic verification, and logic synthesis (2-level and multi-level).Recommended BackgroundProgramming experience (C, C++, Java, Python, etc.) and basic knowledge of data structures and algorithms (especially recursive algorithms).  An understanding of basic digital design:  Boolean algebra, Kmaps, gates and flip flops, finite state machine design.  Linear algebra and calculus at the level of a junior or senior in engineering.  Exposure to basic VLSI at an undergraduate level is nice -- but it’s not necessary.  We will keep the course self-contained, but students with some VLSI will be able to skip some background material.e tools in this class.;
This is the second course in the Data to Insights specialization. Here we will cover how to ingest new external datasets into BigQuery and  visualize them with Google Data Studio. We will also cover intermediate SQL concepts like multi-table JOINs and UNIONs which will allow you to analyze data across multiple data sources.Note: Even if you have a background in SQL, there are BigQuery specifics (like handling query cache and table wildcards) that may be new to you.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this specialization you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
G Suite Security is is the third course in the G Suite Administration Specialization.In this course you will focus on the various aspects of G Suite Security including user password policies and how to enable and enforce two step verification (2SV) for your users. You will learn about application security and understand how to whitelist and block API access to your account. You will see how G Suite can easily be integrated with a number of predefined 3rd party applications. You will also become familiar with the SSO options in G Suite. Finally you will understand how to spot potential security risks within your organization and learn how to address them using the tools available in the admin console.Learning ObjectivesBy the end of this course participants will be able to:- Configure Google's default user protection settings such as password policies and recovery options.- Understand best practices for implementing and enforcing 2-step verification in your organization.- Understand the SSO options available and be able to identify the differences between using Google as an Identity Provider versus a 3rd party provider.- Be able to integrate cloud based enterprise SAML applications into your G Suite account using Google as the Identity Provider.- Understand how to integrate your own LDAP compliant applications into G Suite using the Secure LDAP service.- Restrict access to a Google service to trusted applications only to prevent malicious attacks on that service.- Manage the G Suite Marketplace for your organization to ensure only trusted applications can be installed on your devices.- Use the security and alert centers to identify, triage, and take action on security and privacy issues in your organization.PrerequisitesYou should have completed the first two courses in the series: Introduction to G Suite, and Managing G Suite.;
This course allows you to apply the SQL skills taught in “SQL for Data Science” to four increasingly complex and authentic data science inquiry case studies. We'll learn how to convert timestamps of all types to common formats and perform date/time calculations. We'll select and perform the optimal JOIN for a data science inquiry and clean data within an analysis dataset by deduping, running quality checks, backfilling, and handling nulls. We'll learn how to segment and analyze data per segment using windowing functions and use case statements to execute conditional logic to address a data science inquiry. We'll also describe how to convert a query into a scheduled job and how to insert data into a date partition. Finally, given a predictive analysis need, we'll engineer a feature from raw data using the tools and skills we've built over the course. The real-world application of these skills will give you the framework for performing the analysis of an AB test.;
In this course, application developers learn how to design and develop cloud-native applications that seamlessly integrate managed services from the Google Cloud Platform. Through a combination of presentations, demos, and hands-on labs, participants learn how to apply best practices for application development and use the appropriate GCP storage services for object storage, relational data, caching, and analytics. Learners can choose to complete labs in their favorite language: Node.js, Java, or Python.Prerequisites and prework:• Completed Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals or have equivalent experience• Working knowledge of Node.js, Java, or Python• Basic proficiency with command-line tools and Linux operating system environments;
This course is for finance professionals, investment management professionals, and traders. Alternatively, this Specialization can be for machine learning professionals who seek to apply their craft to trading strategies. At the end of the course you will be able to do the following: - Understand what reinforcement learning is and how trading is an RL problem- Build Trading Strategies Using Reinforcement Learning (RL)- Understand the benefits of using RL vs. other learning methods- Differentiate between actor-based policies and value-based policies - Incorporate RL into a momentum trading strategyTo be successful in this course, you should have a basic competency in Python programming and familiarity with the Scikit Learn, Statsmodels and Pandas library.You should have a background in statistics (expected values and standard deviation, Gaussian distributions, higher moments, probability, linear regressions) and foundational knowledge of financial markets (equities, bonds, derivatives, market structure, hedging).;
In this course, "Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Workloads," you learn about performing Kubernetes operations, creating and managing deployments, the tools of GKE networking, and how to give your Kubernetes workloads persistent storage.This course is part of a specialization focused on building efficient computing infrastructures using Kubernetes and GKE. The specialization introduces participants to deploying and managing containerized applications on GKE and the other services provided by Google Cloud Platform. Through a combination of presentations, demos, and hands-on labs, participants explore and deploy solution elements, including infrastructure components such as pods, containers, deployments, and services, as well as networks and application services. The specialization also covers deploying practical solutions including security and access management, resource management, and resource monitoring.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
A good algorithm usually comes together with a set of good data structures that allow the algorithm to manipulate the data efficiently. In this course, we consider the common data structures that are used in various computational problems. You will learn how these data structures are implemented in different programming languages and will practice implementing them in our programming assignments. This will help you to understand what is going on inside a particular built-in implementation of a data structure and what to expect from it. You will also learn typical use cases for these data structures.A few examples of questions that we are going to cover in this class are the following:1. What is a good strategy of resizing a dynamic array?2. How priority queues are implemented in C++, Java, and Python?3. How to implement a hash table so that the amortized running time of all operations is O(1) on average?4. What are good strategies to keep a binary tree balanced? You will also learn how services like Dropbox manage to upload some large files instantly and to save a lot of storage space!;
&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the End User License Agreement as set out in the FAQ.  Once enrolled you can access the license in the Resources area &lt,&lt,&lt,This course, Applied Artificial Intelligence with DeepLearning, is part of the IBM Advanced Data Science Certificate which IBM is currently creating and gives you easy access to the invaluable insights into Deep Learning models used by experts in Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Time Series Analysis, and many other disciplines. We’ll learn about the fundamentals of Linear Algebra and Neural Networks. Then we introduce the most popular DeepLearning Frameworks like Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, DeepLearning4J and Apache SystemML. Keras and TensorFlow are making up the greatest portion of this course. We learn about Anomaly Detection, Time Series Forecasting, Image Recognition and Natural Language Processing by building up models using Keras on real-life examples from IoT (Internet of Things), Financial Marked Data, Literature or Image Databases. Finally, we learn how to scale those artificial brains using Kubernetes, Apache Spark and GPUs.IMPORTANT: THIS COURSE ALONE IS NOT SUFFICIENT TO OBTAIN THE "IBM Watson IoT Certified Data Scientist certificate". You need to take three other courses where two of them are currently built. The Specialization will be ready late spring, early summer 2018Using these approaches, no matter what your skill levels in topics you would like to master, you can change your thinking and change your life. If you’re already an expert, this peep under the mental hood will give your ideas for turbocharging successful creation and deployment of DeepLearning models. If you’re struggling, you’ll see a structured treasure trove of practical techniques that walk you through what you need to do to get on track. If you’ve ever wanted to become better at anything, this course will help serve as your guide.Prerequisites: Some coding skills are necessary. Preferably python, but any other programming language will do fine. Also some basic understanding of math (linear algebra) is a plus, but we will cover that part in the first week as well.If you choose to take this course and earn the Coursera course certificate, you will also earn an IBM digital badge.  To find out more about IBM digital badges follow the link ibm.biz/badging.;
Once you’ve identified a big data issue to analyze, how do you collect, store and organize your data using Big Data solutions?  In this course, you will experience various data genres and management tools appropriate for each.  You will be able to describe the reasons behind the evolving plethora of new big data platforms from the perspective of big data management systems and analytical tools.  Through guided hands-on tutorials, you will become familiar with techniques using real-time and semi-structured data examples.  Systems and tools discussed include: AsterixDB, HP Vertica, Impala, Neo4j, Redis, SparkSQL. This course provides techniques to extract value from existing untapped data sources and discovering new data sources.At the end of this course, you will be able to: * Recognize different data elements in your own work and in everyday life problems * Explain why your team needs to design a Big Data Infrastructure Plan and Information System Design * Identify the frequent data operations required for various types of data * Select a data model to suit the characteristics of your data  * Apply techniques to handle streaming data * Differentiate between a traditional Database Management System and a Big Data Management System * Appreciate why there are so many data management systems * Design a big data information system for an online game companyThis course is for those new to data science.  Completion of Intro to Big Data is recommended.  No prior programming experience is needed, although the ability to install applications and utilize a virtual machine is necessary to complete the hands-on assignments.  Refer to the specialization technical requirements for complete hardware and software specifications.Hardware Requirements: (A) Quad Core Processor (VT-x or AMD-V support recommended), 64-bit, (B) 8 GB RAM, (C) 20 GB disk free. How to find your hardware information: (Windows): Open System by clicking the Start button, right-clicking Computer, and then clicking Properties, (Mac): Open Overview by clicking on the Apple menu and clicking “About This Mac.” Most computers with 8 GB RAM purchased in the last 3 years will meet the minimum requirements.You will need a high speed internet connection because you will be downloading files up to 4 Gb in size. Software Requirements: This course relies on several open-source software tools, including Apache Hadoop. All required software can be downloaded and installed free of charge (except for data charges from your internet provider). Software requirements include: Windows 7+, Mac OS X 10.10+, Ubuntu 14.04+ or CentOS 6+ VirtualBox 5+.;
Bringing a machine learning model into the real world involves a lot more than just modeling. This Specialization will teach you how to navigate various deployment scenarios and use data more effectively to train your model.This second course teaches you how to run your machine learning models in mobile applications. You’ll learn how to prepare models for a lower-powered, battery-operated devices, then execute models on both Android and iOS platforms. Finally, you’ll explore how to deploy on embedded systems using TensorFlow on Raspberry Pi and microcontrollers.This Specialization builds upon our TensorFlow in Practice Specialization. If you are new to TensorFlow, we recommend that you take the TensorFlow in Practice Specialization first. To develop a deeper, foundational understanding of how neural networks work, we recommend that you take the Deep Learning Specialization.;
How do revolutions emerge without anyone expecting them?  How did social norms about same sex marriage change more rapidly than anyone anticipated?  Why do some social innovations take off with relative ease, while others struggle for years without spreading?  More generally, what are the forces that control the process of social evolution –from the fashions that we wear, to our beliefs about religious tolerance, to our ideas about the process of scientific discovery and the best ways to manage complex research organizations? The social world is complex and full of surprises. Our experiences and intuitions about the social world as individuals are often quite different from the behaviors that we observe emerging in large societies. Even minor changes to the structure of a social network - changes that are unobservable to individuals within those networks - can lead to radical shifts in the spread of new ideas and behaviors through a population. These “invisible” mathematical properties of social networks have powerful implications for the ways that teams solve problems, the social norms that are likely to emerge, and even the very future of our society.  This course condenses the last decade of cutting-edge research on these topics into six modules.  Each module provides an in-depth look at a particular research puzzle -with a focus on agent-based models and network theories of social change -and provides an interactive computational model for you try out and to use for making your own explorations!  Learning objectives - after this course, students will be able to...- explain how computer models are used to study challenging social problems - describe how networks are used to represent the structure of social relationships - show how individual actions can lead to unintended collective behaviors- provide concrete examples of how social networks can influence social change - discuss how diffusion processes can explain the growth social movements, changes in cultural norms, and the success of team problem solving;
This course focuses on how to design and build secure systems with a human-centric focus. We will look at basic principles of human-computer interaction, and apply these insights to the design of secure systems with the goal of developing security measures that respect human performance and their goals within a system.;
This self-paced training course gives participants broad study of security controls and techniques on Google Cloud Platform.Through recorded lectures, demonstrations, and hands-on labs, participants explore and deploy the components of a secure GCP solution, including Cloud Identity, the GCP Resource Manager, Cloud IAM, Google Virtual Private Cloud firewalls, Google Cloud Load balancing, Cloud CDN, Cloud Storage access control technologies, Stackdriver, Security Keys, Customer-Supplied Encryption Keys, the Google Data Loss Prevention API, and Cloud Armor. Participants learn mitigations for attacks at many points in a GCP-based infrastructure, including Distributed Denial-of-Service attacks, phishing attacks, and threats involving content classification and use.To get the most out of this course, participants should have:  * Prior completion of Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure or equivalent experience  * Prior completion of GCP and Hybrid Networking Deep Dive or equivalent experience  * Knowledge of foundational concepts in information security, such as        * vulnerability, threat, attack surface         * confidentiality, integrity, availability        * common threat types and their mitigation strategies        * public-key cryptography        * public and private key pairs        * certificates        * cipher types        * certificate authorities        * Transport Layer Security/Secure Sockets Layer encrypted communication        * public key infrastructures        * security policy  * Basic proficiency with command-line tools and Linux operating system environments  * Systems Operations experience,  deploying and managing applications, on-premises or in a public cloud environment  * Reading comprehension of code in Python or Javascript&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
Software is quickly becoming integral part of human life as we see more and more automation and technical advancements. Just like we expect car to work all the time and can't afford to break or reboot unexpectedly, software industry needs to continue to learn better way to build software if it were to become integral part of human life.In this course,  you will get an overview of  how software teams work? What processes they use?  What are some of the industry standard methodologies? What are pros and cons of each?  You will learn enough to have meaningful conversation around software development processes.After completing this course, a learner will be able to 1) Apply core software engineering practices at conceptual level for a given problem. 2) Compare and contrast traditional, agile, and lean development methodologies at high level.  These include Waterfall, Rational Unified Process, V model, Incremental, Spiral models and overview of agile mindset 3) Propose a methodology best suited for a given situation;
This course is focused on the application of the early UX research to actual user interfaces: the creation of wireframes, high-fidelity mockups, and clickable prototypes. Along the way we will also discuss:- Responsive web design and mobile web challenges - Mobile-first approach - Web typography - The relationship between design and programming and whether it is important to know how to code - The different web technologies that make the web work, such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, server-side coding, and databases.This course is the continuation of the course Web Design: Strategy and Information Architecture, in which students completed the first half of a large scale project—developing a comprehensive plan for a complex website. If you are intending to complete the assignments in this course to earn a certificate you must complete the Strategy and Information Architecture course first so you have the materials and data needed to begin creating wireframes and mockups in this course.This is the fourth and last course in the UI/UX Design Specialization, which brings a design-centric approach to user interface (UI) and user experience (UX) design, and offers practical, skill-based instruction centered around a visual communications perspective, rather than on one focused on marketing or programming alone.These courses are ideal for anyone with some experience in graphic or visual design and who would like to build their skill set in UI or UX for app and web design. It would also be ideal for anyone with experience in front- or back-end web development or human-computer interaction and want to sharpen their visual design and analysis skills for UI or UX.;
A learner will be able to write an application that leverages multiple Watson AI services (Discovery, Speech to Text, Assistant, and Text to Speech). By the end of the course, they’ll learn best practices of combining Watson services, and how they can build interactive information retrieval systems with Discovery + Assistant.;
Cloud computing systems today, whether open-source or used inside companies, are built using a common set of core techniques, algorithms, and design philosophies – all centered around distributed systems. Learn about such fundamental distributed computing "concepts" for cloud computing.Some of these concepts include: clouds, MapReduce, key-value/NoSQL stores, classical distributed algorithms, widely-used distributed algorithms, scalability, trending areas, and much, much more!  Know how these systems work from the inside out. Get your hands dirty using these concepts with provided homework exercises. In the programming assignments, implement some of these concepts in template code (programs) provided in the C++ programming language. Prior experience with C++ is required. The course also features interviews with leading researchers and managers, from both industry and academia.;
Этот курс является продолжением курса "Основы разработки на C++: белый пояс". В нём преподаватели продолжают знакомить вас с возможностями языка C++. В курсе рассмотрены:- целочисленные типы языка C++- пары и кортежи- шаблоны функций- наследование и полиморфизм- итераторы и стандартные алгоритмы- распределение кода по нескольким файламКроме того, в курсе рассмотрено использование юнит-тестов для отладки программ и обеспечения надёжности кода, а также продемонстрировано, как, пользуясь знаниями только "Белого" и "Жёлтого" поясов, разработать свой собственный unit test framework.Так же, как и в "Белом поясе", в конце курса вас ждёт финальный проект. В "Белом поясе" надо было самостоятельно реализовать простое хранилище данных с возможностью добавления, удаления и поиска. В "Жёлтом поясе" это хранилище надо будет усовершенствовать, добавив поддержку более сложных запросов. Курс разработан ведущими специалистами Яндекса и преподавателями Школы анализа данных. За их плечами – годы разработки сервисов поиска, рекламы и инфраструктуры. Кроме того в подготовке заданий участвовали сотрудники Яндекса и студенты Школы анализа данных:- Александр Гришин- Алексей Аверченко- Максим Филипов- Даниил Петров- Евгений Шавлюгин- Владислав Виноградов- Алексей Боголюбский- Дмитрий Кузьмичёв- Иван Качалкин- Андрей Полушин- Андрей Корнеев- Константин Меренков;
In this final course, you will put together your knowledge from Courses 1, 2 and 3 to implement a complete RL solution to a problem. This capstone will let you see how each component---problem formulation, algorithm selection, parameter selection and representation design---fits together into a complete solution, and how to make appropriate choices when deploying RL in the real world. This project will require you to implement both the environment to stimulate your problem, and a control agent with Neural Network function approximation. In addition, you will conduct a scientific study of your learning system to develop your ability to assess the robustness of RL agents. To use RL in the real world, it is critical to (a) appropriately formalize the problem as an MDP, (b) select appropriate algorithms, (c ) identify what choices in your implementation will have large impacts on performance and (d) validate the expected behaviour of your algorithms. This capstone is valuable for anyone who is planning on using RL to solve real problems.To be successful in this course, you will need to have completed Courses 1, 2, and 3 of this Specialization or the equivalent.By the end of this course, you will be able to: Complete an RL solution to a problem, starting from problem formulation, appropriate algorithm selection and implementation and empirical study into the effectiveness of the solution.;
To deliver agile outcomes, you have to do more than implement an agile process- you have to create focus around what matters to your user and rigorously test how well what you’re doing is delivering on that focus. Driving to testable ideas (hypotheses) and maximizing the results of your experimentation is at the heart of a high-functioning practice of agile. This course shows you how to facilitate alignment and create a culture of experimentation across your product pipeline. You’ll understand how to answer these four big questions: 1. How do we drive our agility with analytics?2. How do we create compelling propositions for our user? 3. How do we achieve excellent usability? 4. How do we release fast without creating disasters? As a Project Management Institute (PMI®) Registered Education Provider, the University of Virginia Darden School of Business has been approved by PMI to issue 20 professional development units (PDUs) for this course, which focuses on core competencies recognized by PMI. (Provider #2122) This course is supported by the Batten Institute at UVA’s Darden School of Business. The Batten Institute’s mission is to improve the world through entrepreneurship and innovation: www.batteninstitute.org.;
The way that software components — subroutines, classes, functions, etc. —  are arranged,  and the interactions between them, is called architecture. In this course you will study the ways these architectures are represented, both in UML and other visual tools. We will introduce the most common architectures, their qualities, and tradeoffs. We will talk about how architectures are evaluated, what makes a good architecture, and an architecture can be improved. We'll also talk about how the architecture touches on the process of software development.In the Capstone Project you will document a Java-based Android application with UML diagrams and analyze evaluate the application’s architecture using the Architecture Tradeoff Analysis Method (ATAM).After completing this course, you will be able to: • Compare and contrast the components, connections, protocols, topologies, constraints, tradeoffs, and variations of different types of architectural styles used in the design of applications and systems (e.g., main program and subroutine, object-oriented, interpreters, pipes and filters, database centric, event-based).	• Describe the properties of layered and n-tier architectures.	• Create UML ipackage, component, and deployment diagrams to express the architectural structure of a system.	• Explain the behaviour of a system using UML activity diagrams.	• Document a multi-application system with a layered architecture.;
This specialization is for professionals who have heard the buzz around machine learning and want to apply machine learning to data analysis and automation. Whether finance, medicine, engineering, business or other domains, this specialization will set you up to define, train, and maintain a successful machine learning application.After completing all four courses, you will have gone through the entire process of building a machine learning project. You will be able to clearly define a machine learning problem, identify appropriate data, train a classification algorithm, improve your results, and deploy it in the real world. You will also be able to anticipate and mitigate common pitfalls in applied machine learning.;
The third course in this specialization is Achieving Advanced Insights with BigQuery. Here we will build on your growing knowledge of SQL as we dive into advanced functions and how to break apart a complex query into manageable steps. We will cover the internal architecture of BigQuery (column-based sharded storage) and advanced SQL topics like nested and repeated fields through the use of Arrays and Structs. Lastly we will dive into optimizing your queries for performance and how you can secure your data through authorized views.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this specialization you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
We are always using experiments to improve our lives, our community, and our work. Are you doing it efficiently? Or are you (incorrectly) changing one thing at a time and hoping for the best? In this course, you will learn how to plan efficient experiments - testing with many variables. Our goal is to find the best results using only a few experiments. A key part of the course is how to optimize a system.We use simple tools: starting with fast calculations by hand, then we show how to use FREE software. The course comes with slides, transcripts of all lectures, subtitles (English, Spanish and Portuguese, some Chinese and French), videos, audio files, source code, and a free textbook. You get to keep all of it, all freely downloadable.This course is for anyone working in a company, or wanting to make changes to their life, their community, their neighbourhood. You don't need to be a statistician or scientist! There's something for everyone in here. ⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯⎯Over 1500 people have completed this online course. What have prior students said about this course?"This definitely is one of the most fruitful courses I have participated at Coursera, considering the takeaways and implementations! And so far I finished 12 ;
In this course, we will expand our exploration of statistical inference techniques by focusing on the science and art of fitting statistical models to data. We will build on the concepts presented in the Statistical Inference course (Course 2) to emphasize the importance of connecting research questions to our data analysis methods. We will also focus on various modeling objectives, including making inference about relationships between variables and generating predictions for future observations.This course will introduce and explore various statistical modeling techniques, including linear regression, logistic regression, generalized linear models, hierarchical and mixed effects (or multilevel) models, and Bayesian inference techniques. All techniques will be illustrated using a variety of real data sets, and the course will emphasize different modeling approaches for different types of data sets, depending on the study design underlying the data (referring back to Course 1, Understanding and Visualizing Data with Python).During these lab-based sessions, learners will work through tutorials focusing on specific case studies to help solidify the week’s statistical concepts, which will include further deep dives into Python libraries including Statsmodels, Pandas, and Seaborn. This course utilizes the Jupyter Notebook environment within Coursera.;
This specialization is intended for intermediate level learners with basic programming skills and basic cybersecurity knowledge. Through this course learner will learn about advanced secure software techniques such as those for cloud computing, TOR, web-based cryptography, and geo-location/context based access control. With these techniques, learners will be better prepared to implement new security and privacy preserving data security features, to perform secure system design and implementation, vulnerability analysis, and Securely Provision (SP), Operate and Maintain (OM), Oversee and Govern (OV), Protect and Defend (PR), Analyze (AN), Collect and Operate (CO), and investigate (IN) tasks.;
The majority of data in the world is unlabeled and unstructured. Shallow neural networks cannot easily capture relevant structure in, for instance, images, sound, and textual data. Deep networks are capable of discovering hidden structures within this type of data. In this course you’ll use TensorFlow library to apply deep learning to different data types in order to solve real world problems.Learning Outcomes:After completing this course, learners will be able to:•	explain foundational TensorFlow concepts such as the main functions, operations and the execution pipelines. •	describe how TensorFlow can be used in curve fitting, regression, classification and minimization of error functions. •	understand different types of Deep Architectures, such as Convolutional Networks, Recurrent Networks and Autoencoders.•	apply TensorFlow for backpropagation to tune the weights and biases while the Neural Networks are being trained.;
What is XR? It’s shorthand for a related set of new technologies that are changing the way we interact with the world and with each other: Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, and Mixed Reality.To understand XR, you need to understand the technologies that enable it. If you understand the available technologies, how they are used, and what their future holds, you’ll be well equipped to deal with XR as it rapidly evolves and converges.In this course, we will present an introduction to XR using a broadly chronological approach, focusing on how all of the underlying technologies came together at key moments in the history of XR to launch the concepts of Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality into the mainstream consciousness. Throughout the course, we’ll give a brief description of each of the supporting technologies, some history about when it first came into use, limitations and future potential for improvement, and how it’s used for AR, VR, and MR.  As you learn about the technology, you’ll also develop hands on experience in the field along two tracks. First, you will use Unity to build and run two simple XR applications on your own smartphone: a “VR Museum” app and a handheld Augmented Reality app. Second, you will brainstorm, define, visualize, and iterate your own original concept for an XR application, ending the course with a thorough and peer-reviewed XR Product Brief that you could use as the basis for future development.This is the first of three planned courses in Unity's XR Specialization, which include the Mobile VR App Development with Unity course as well as a future course focused on developing Augmented Reality (AR) applications with Unity.;
Design for manufacturing is the process of designing parts, components, or products with the understanding surrounding design requirements for a specific manufacturing method. This course explores the design for manufacture workflow and shows how to validate models and create the G code, the programming language needed to instruct the CNC machine on how to move. We practice the basics of part and assembly design, and tools such as animation, rendering, and simulations using Autodesk Fusion 360. We learn the basics in each of these areas which are to be fully developed in later courses that apply these principles and Fusion 360 skills.After taking this course, you'll be able to: - Explain the design to manufacturing process used to take a digital model to a physical part through CNC programming.- Summarize the toolset available in Fusion 360.- Demonstrate knowledge and skills in Fusion 360 applying design and manufacturing workflows to take digital parts to physical prototypes.;
Probabilistic graphical models (PGMs) are a rich framework for encoding probability distributions over complex domains: joint (multivariate) distributions over large numbers of random variables that interact with each other. These representations sit at the intersection of statistics and computer science, relying on concepts from probability theory, graph algorithms, machine learning, and more. They are the basis for the state-of-the-art methods in a wide variety of applications, such as medical diagnosis, image understanding, speech recognition, natural language processing, and many, many more. They are also a foundational tool in formulating many machine learning problems. This course is the second in a sequence of three. Following the first course, which focused on representation, this course addresses the question of probabilistic inference: how a PGM can be used to answer questions. Even though a PGM generally describes a very high dimensional distribution, its structure is designed so as to allow questions to be answered efficiently. The course presents both exact and approximate algorithms for different types of inference tasks, and discusses where each could best be applied. The (highly recommended) honors track contains two hands-on programming assignments, in which key routines of the most commonly used exact and approximate algorithms are implemented and applied to a real-world problem.;
The main goal of this course is to introduce topics in Discrete Mathematics relevant to Data Analysis.We will start with a brief introduction to combinatorics, the branch of mathematics that studies how to count. Basics of this topic are critical for anyone working in Data Analysis or Computer Science. We will illustrate new knowledge, for example, by counting the number of features in data or by estimating the time required for a Python program to run.Next, we will apply our knowledge in combinatorics to study basic Probability Theory. Probability is everywhere in Data Analysis and we will study it in much more details later. Our goals for probability section in this course will be to give initial flavor of this field.Finally, we will study the combinatorial structure that is the most relevant for Data Analysis, namely graphs. Graphs can be found everywhere around us and we will provide you with numerous examples. We will mainly concentrate in this course on the graphs of social networks. We will provide you with relevant notions from the graph theory, illustrate them on the graphs of social networks and will study their basic properties. In the end of the course we will have a project related to social network graphs.As prerequisites we assume only basic math (e.g., we expect you to know what is a square or how to add fractions), basic programming in Python (functions, loops, recursion), common sense and curiosity. Our intended audience are all people that work or plan to work in Data Analysis, starting from motivated high school students.;
Information security is an extremely important topic in our world today. As individuals, we seek to protect our personal information while the corporations we work for have to protect suppliers, customers, and company assets. Creating secure software requires implementing secure practices as early in the software development lifecycle (SDLC) as possible.This Specialization focuses on ensuring security as part of software design and is for anyone with some workplace experience in software development who needs the background, perspective, and skills to recognize important security aspects of software design.You’ll consider secure design for multiple SDLC models, software architecture considerations, and design patterns. You’ll understand how to identify and implement secure design when considering databases, UML, unit testing, and ethics. Mindsets and attitudes of successful designers—and hackers—are presented as well as project successes and failures.Always at the core of front-end design will be user experience and you will have the opportunity to ensure clean and effective user interfaces that also serve to provide the best security. Back-end development topics such as database design are also covered.;
Designing effective interactive systems requires understanding the needs and capabilities of the people who will be using them. In this UX course we will focus on how to interact with users (or potential users) to understand what they need, what they currently do, what they love and hate, and examine human capabilities and behavior as they relate to UX design.Learners will be introduced to numerous techniques to gather data from and about users.This course is part of the User Experience (UX) Research and Design specialization offered on Coursera.What you'll learn:     Find out what user needs assessments are, what qualitative research is, and how the two are related.     Learn an end-to-end methodology for qualitative research that is suited for understanding user needs. The methodology      includes knowledge of semi-structured interviews, in-situ observation, and affinity walls.     Be exposed to good practices for conducting semi-structured interviews, in-situ observation, and affinity walls.     Gain some experience with semi-structured interviews, in-situ observations, and affinity walls.;
This course will introduce you to Virtual Reality (VR). The course will teach you everything from the basics of VR- the hardware and the history of VR- to different applications of VR, the psychology of Virtual Reality, and the challenges of the medium.The course is designed for people who are new to VR as a medium. You may have experienced some virtual reality before, and may have some hardware- but this course is suitable to individuals who have never experienced VR and those who do not have much hardware- we will explain Mobile VR as well as devices such as the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.Introduction to Virtual Reality is the first course in the Virtual Reality Specialisation. A learner with no previous experience in Virtual Reality and/or game programming will be able to evaluate existing VR applications, and design, test, and implement their own VR experiences/games using Unity by the end of the specialisation.;
Welcome to Networks and Communications Security Course!In the Networks and Communications Security Course, you will learn about the network structure, data transmission methods, transport formats, and the security measures used to maintain integrity, availability, authentication, and confidentiality of the information being transmitted.Concepts for both public and private communication networks will be discussed.Course Objectives1. Describe network-related security issues2. Identify protective measures for telecommunication technologies3. Define processes for controlling network access4. Identify processes for managing LAN-based security5. Describe procedures for operating and configuring networked-basedsecurity devices6. Define procedures to implement and operate wireless technologies;
In this course, we will define what open source software is, we will go over the history of open source software and what benefits it has provided to the world’s technology infrastructure over the decades. The course aims to teach you how to work in open source projects productively and gain a lot of benefits from it, and really understand what the advantages are. You will learn about collaboration best practices, and how to encourage diversity in open source projects. We will discuss the different licensing models that are available, as this will help you decide what the best license is for your project. We will talk about methods that are commonly used, such as Continuous Integration, and use of GitHub and other hosting providers as a central meeting place for open source projects, and we will provide some examples of successful open source projects.;
This specialized program is aimed at computer people who want to enter the field of information systems and learn their different types of requirements, architectures, performance, techniques and tools so you can know when to use business intelligence, data mining, data science, databases , databases in memory or big data in order to have reliable, maintainable and scalable data intensive systems. Through 4 courses, you will cover ;
Welcome to Introduction to iOS Application Development with Swift 5.In this course you'll use your Swift skills to create iOS applications.Some of the things you will learn in this course are:•	Write the code to build your very first iOS application•	Manage screen display with multiple views•	Use auto layout and the interface builder•	Create applications with user interaction•	Design a user interface allowing for multiple screen size and direction•	Write and execute unit tests to keep your code error-free•	Perform various calculations using SwiftBy the end of this course you will know how to build simple iOS applications and you'll be ready to move on and learn about using tables and data in iOS.;
In this course, application developers learn how to design and develop cloud-native applications that seamlessly integrate managed services from the Google Cloud Platform. Through a combination of presentations, demos, and hands-on labs, participants learn how to develop more secure applications, implement federated identity management, and integrate application components by using messaging, event-driven processing, and API gateways. Learners can choose to complete labs in their favorite language: Node.js, Java, or Python.Prerequisites and prework:• Completed Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals or have equivalent experience• Working knowledge of Node.js, Java, or Python• Basic proficiency with command-line tools and Linux operating system environments• Previous course(s) in the specialization;
In this course, "Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Production," you'll learn about Kubernetes and Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) security, logging and monitoring, and using GCP managed storage and database services from within GKE.This course is part of a specialization focused on building efficient computing infrastructures using Kubernetes and GKE. The specialization introduces participants to deploying and managing containerized applications on GKE and the other services provided by Google Cloud Platform. Through a combination of presentations, demos, and hands-on labs, participants explore and deploy solution elements, including infrastructure components such as pods, containers, deployments, and services, as well as networks and application services. The specialization also covers deploying practical solutions including security and access management, resource management, and resource monitoring.&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
Welcome to Visual Perception for Self-Driving Cars, the third course in University of Toronto’s Self-Driving Cars Specialization.This course will introduce you to the main perception tasks in autonomous driving, static and dynamic object detection, and will survey common computer vision methods for robotic perception.  By the end of this course, you will be able to work with the pinhole camera model, perform intrinsic and extrinsic camera calibration, detect, describe and match image features and design your own convolutional neural networks.  You'll apply these methods to visual odometry, object detection and tracking, and semantic segmentation for drivable surface estimation. These techniques represent the main building blocks of the perception system for self-driving cars.For the final project in this course, you will develop algorithms that identify bounding boxes for objects in the scene, and define the boundaries of the drivable surface.  You'll work with synthetic and real image data, and evaluate your performance on a realistic dataset.This is an advanced course, intended for learners with a background in computer vision and deep learning. To succeed in this course, you should have programming experience in Python 3.0, and familiarity with Linear Algebra (matrices, vectors, matrix multiplication, rank, Eigenvalues and vectors and inverses).;
Your smartphone, smartwatch, and automobile (if it is a newer model) have AI (Artificial Intelligence) inside serving you every day. In the near future, more advanced “self-learning” capable DL (Deep Learning) and ML (Machine Learning) technology will be used in almost every aspect of your business and industry. So now is the right time to learn what DL and ML is and how to use it in advantage of your company. This course has three parts, where the first part focuses on DL and ML technology based future business strategy including details on new state-of-the-art products/services and open source DL software, which are the future enablers. The second part focuses on the core technologies of DL and ML systems, which include NN (Neural Network), CNN (Convolutional NN), and RNN (Recurrent NN) systems. The third part focuses on four TensorFlow Playground projects, where experience on designing DL NNs can be gained using an easy and fun yet very powerful application called the TensorFlow Playground. This course was designed to help you build business strategies and enable you to conduct technical planning on new DL and ML services and products.;
Firms make significant investments in IT. In the IS/IT Governance course we will discuss how to govern IT to make sure that the IT investments contribute to organizational goals and strategies.Firms need to formally evaluate significant IT investments. IT investments are also risky, so firms need to consider the risk associated with the investments to appropriately evaluate the investment. We will discuss how to evaluate IT investments.Firms usually make multiple IT investments in a given year. In this course we will discuss how to evaluate a portfolio of IT investments. Firms need a mechanism to charge users for the IT investments made to encourage prudent consumption of IT resources. We will discuss different mechanisms for charging for IT that incents users to spend IT dollars wisely.Finally, IT investments are made to generate value for the firm. This requires that employees actually use the new IT systems that is developed. Thus, in the IS/IT Governance course we will discuss strategies to make sure that users use the new system so that the firm derives value from its IT investments.;
No doubt working with huge data volumes is hard, but to move a mountain, you have to deal with a lot of small stones. But why strain yourself? Using  Mapreduce and Spark you tackle the issue partially, thus leaving some space for high-level tools. Stop  struggling to make your big data workflow productive and efficient,  make use of the tools we are offering you.This course will teach you how to:- Warehouse your data efficiently using Hive, Spark SQL and Spark DataFframes. - Work with large graphs, such as social graphs or networks. - Optimize your Spark applications for maximum performance.Precisely, you will master your knowledge in:- Writing and executing Hive &amp, Spark SQL queries,- Reasoning how the queries are translated into actual execution primitives (be it MapReduce jobs or Spark transformations),- Organizing your data in Hive to optimize disk space usage and execution times,- Constructing Spark DataFrames and using them to write ad-hoc analytical jobs easily,- Processing large graphs with Spark GraphFrames,- Debugging, profiling and optimizing Spark application performance. Still in doubt? Check this out. Become a data ninja by taking this course!Special thanks to:- Prof. Mikhail Roytberg, APT dept., MIPT, who was the initial reviewer of the project, the supervisor and mentor of half of the BigData team. He was the one, who helped to get this show on the road.- Oleg Sukhoroslov (PhD, Senior Researcher at IITP RAS), who has been teaching  MapReduce, Hadoop and friends since 2008. Now he is leading the infrastructure team.- Oleg Ivchenko (PhD student APT dept., MIPT), Pavel Akhtyamov (MSc. student at APT dept., MIPT) and Vladimir Kuznetsov (Assistant at P.G. Demidov Yaroslavl State University), superbrains who have developed and now maintain the infrastructure used for practical assignments in this course.- Asya Roitberg, Eugene Baulin, Marina Sudarikova. These people never sleep to babysit this course day and night, to make your learning experience productive, smooth and exciting.;
In course 1 we talked about open source software and the motivation and methods of using it. In course 2, we will introduce you to Linux systems, and help you feel comfortable working at the command line:What Linux isLinux historyHow to separate the kernel from the entire operating systemMaking contributions to the kernelGraphical system, and how it worksWorking at the command lineFilesystem layout, partitionsMonitoring utilitiesYou will learn what it’s like to work on Linux system, and get a good understanding of the essential skills you need when you work on a daily basis with Linux systems.;
This course covers techniques for monitoring your projects in order to align client needs, project plans, and software production. It focuses on metrics and reviews to track and improve project progress and software quality.;
This course can also be taken for academic credit as ECEA 5385, part of CU Boulder’s Master of Science in Electrical Engineering degree.Developing tomorrow's industrial infrastructure is a significant challenge. This course goes beyond the hype of consumer IoT to emphasize a much greater space for potential embedded system applications and growth: The Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), also known as Industry 4.0. Cisco’s CEO stated: “IoT overall is a $19 Trillion market. IIoT is a significant subset including digital oilfield, advanced manufacturing, power grid automation, and smart cities”.This is part 1 of the specialization. The primary objective of this specialization is to closely examine emerging markets, technology trends, applications and skills required by engineering students, or working engineers, exploring career opportunities in the IIoT space. The structure of the course is intentionally wide and shallow: We will cover many topics, but will not go extremely deep into any one topic area, thereby providing a broad overview of the immense landscape of IIoT. There is one exception: We will study security in some depth as this is the most important topic for all "Internet of Things" product development.In this course students will learn :  * What Industry 4.0 is and what factors have enabled the IIoT  * Key skills to develop to be employed in the IIoT space  * What platforms are, and also market information on Software and Services  * What the top application areas are (examples include manufacturing and oil &amp, gas)  * What the top operating systems are that are used in IIoT deployments  * About networking and wireless communication protocols used in IIoT deployments  * About computer security, encryption techniques and secure methods for insuring data integrity and authentication;
In this course you will learn how to create models for decision making. We will start with cluster analysis, a technique for data reduction that is very useful in market segmentation. You will then learn the basics of Monte Carlo simulation that will help you model the uncertainty that is prevalent in many business decisions. A key element of decision making is to identify the best course of action. Since businesses problems often have too many alternative solutions, you will learn how optimization can help you identify the best option. What is really exciting about this course is that you won’t need to know a computer language or advanced statistics to learn about these predictive and prescriptive analytic models. The Analytic Solver Platform and basic knowledge of Excel is all you’ll need. Learners participating in assignments will be able to get free access to the Analytic Solver Platform.;
One of the most common tasks performed by data scientists and data analysts are prediction and machine learning. This course will cover the basic components of building and applying prediction functions with an emphasis on practical applications. The course will provide basic grounding in concepts such as training and tests sets, overfitting, and error rates. The course will also introduce a range of model based and algorithmic machine learning methods including regression, classification trees, Naive Bayes, and random forests. The course will cover the complete process of building prediction functions including data collection, feature creation, algorithms, and evaluation.;
This course we will explore the foundations of software security. We will consider important software vulnerabilities and attacks that exploit them -- such as buffer overflows, SQL injection, and session hijacking -- and we will consider defenses that prevent or mitigate these attacks, including advanced testing and program analysis techniques. Importantly, we take a "build security in" mentality, considering techniques at each phase of the development cycle that can be used to strengthen the security of software systems. Successful learners in this course typically have completed sophomore/junior-level undergraduate work in a technical field, have some familiarity with programming, ideally in C/C++ and one other "managed" program language (like ML or Java), and have prior exposure to algorithms. Students not familiar with these languages but with others can improve their skills through online web tutorials.;
This UX course will provide an overview of survey methodology from the perspective of UX research. UX surveys typically focus on uncovering user needs, connecting needs to user characteristics, and gaining insight into user attitudes towards systems they use. In this course, learners will learn the basics of UX survey research and conduct a survey of their own design!Learners will be introduced to techniques for gaining UX insights from large numbers of users, including web analytics, A/B testing, and remote unmoderated studies. We will discuss how these techniques work, when they can be applied, and what can be learned by using them.What You’ll Learn:    -Learn how web analytics works and how to analyze analytics data    -Understand how to develop A-B tests, before/after, and multivariate experiments    -Learn how to set up and analyze remote unmoderated testing studies    -Analyze and report on large scale user experience studies  Learn about the different types and uses of surveys in UX research    -Understand the survey population: when to sample, when to recruit    -Develop a survey instrument that meets your requirements    -Analyze and report on surveys    -Learn to critique user surveys;
It’s not you, it’s me! What’s going on? This course empowers students, professionals and wider community to deal with cybersecurity attacks and risks focused on identity management and it is an introduction to the upcoming full course focused on cybersecurity awareness.It is provided a practical overview of challenging issues like identity credentials management and security, e-mail threats and web impersonation, or web hacking. In addition to this, you will have a practical appreciation to innovation applied to these concepts through an interview with a renowned expert in fraud and cybercrime. Teaching staff consists of Iván Pau, UPM researcher and expert in usable security, and Román Ramírez, hacker and cybersecurity expert.  Learning will be carried out by introducing use cases related with cybersecurity incidents, in a way which ensures that participants get really involved in the course. You will easily acquire practical skills and be ready to face real threats in a digital world.This course is part of an online programme developed by Universidad Politécnica de Madrid (world class tech university renowned for the quality of its education programmes and the research undertaken at its centres), Ferrovial (world's leading private investor in cities and infrastructures, with a workforce of more than 74.000 employees and operations in more than 16 countries) and EIT Digital.Stay tuned for the full course! COMING SOON!;
Inferential statistics are concerned with making inferences based on relations found in the sample, to relations in the population. Inferential statistics help us decide, for example, whether the differences between groups that we see in our data are strong enough to provide support for our hypothesis that group differences exist in general, in the entire population.We will start by considering the basic principles of significance testing: the sampling and test statistic distribution, p-value, significance level, power and type I and type II errors. Then we will consider a large number of statistical tests and techniques that help us make inferences for different types of data and different types of research designs. For each individual statistical test we will consider how it works, for what data and design it is appropriate and how results should be interpreted. You will also learn how to perform these tests using freely available software. For those who are already familiar with statistical testing: We will look at z-tests for 1 and 2 proportions,  McNemar's test for dependent proportions, t-tests for 1 mean (paired differences) and 2 means, the Chi-square test for independence, Fisher’s exact test, simple regression (linear and exponential) and multiple regression (linear and logistic), one way and factorial analysis of variance, and non-parametric tests (Wilcoxon, Kruskal-Wallis, sign test,  signed-rank test, runs test).;
This is the second course in the Data Warehousing for Business Intelligence specialization. Ideally, the courses should be taken in sequence.In this course, you will learn exciting concepts and skills for designing data warehouses and creating data integration workflows. These are fundamental skills for data warehouse developers and administrators. You will have hands-on experience for data warehouse design and use open source products for manipulating pivot tables and creating data integration workflows.You will also gain conceptual background about maturity models, architectures, multidimensional models, and management practices, providing an organizational perspective about data warehouse development. If you are currently a business or information technology professional and want to become a data warehouse designer or administrator, this course will give you the knowledge and skills to do that. By the end of the course, you will have the design experience, software background, and organizational context that prepares you to succeed with data warehouse development projects.  In this course, you will create data warehouse designs and data integration workflows that satisfy the business intelligence needs of organizations. When you’re done with this course, you’ll be able to:   * Evaluate an organization for data warehouse maturity and business architecture alignment,   * Create a data warehouse design and reflect on alternative design methodologies and design goals,   * Create data integration workflows using prominent open source software,   * Reflect on the role of change data, refresh constraints, refresh frequency trade-offs, and data quality goals in data integration process design, and   * Perform operations on pivot tables to satisfy typical business analysis requests using prominent open source software;
In this module, we define what Machine Learning is and how it can benefit your business. You'll see a few demos of ML in action and learn key ML terms like instances, features, and labels. In the interactive labs, you will practice invoking the pretrained ML APIs available as well as build your own Machine Learning models using just SQL with BigQuery ML.PREREQUISITESTo get the most out of this course, participants must complete the prior courses in this specialization:• Exploring and Preparing your Data• Storing and Visualizing your Data• Architecture and Performance&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this specialization you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
This course, which is designed to serve as the first course in the Recommender Systems specialization, introduces the concept of recommender systems, reviews several examples in detail, and leads you through non-personalized recommendation using summary statistics and product associations, basic stereotype-based or demographic recommendations, and content-based filtering recommendations. After completing this course, you will be able to compute a variety of recommendations from datasets using basic spreadsheet tools, and if you complete the honors track you will also have programmed these recommendations using the open source LensKit recommender toolkit.  In addition to detailed lectures and interactive exercises, this course features interviews with several leaders in research and practice on advanced topics and current directions in recommender systems.;
This course will enable you mastering machine-learning approaches in the area of investment management. It has been designed by two thought leaders in their field, Lionel Martellini from EDHEC-Risk Institute and John Mulvey from Princeton University. Starting from the basics, they will help you build practical skills to understand data science so you can make the best portfolio decisions.The course will start with an introduction to the fundamentals of machine learning, followed by an in-depth discussion of the application of these techniques to portfolio management decisions, including the design of more robust factor models, the construction of portfolios with improved diversification benefits, and the implementation of more efficient risk management models. We have designed a 3-step learning process: first, we will introduce a meaningful investment problem and see how this problem can be addressed using statistical techniques. Then, we will see how this new insight from Machine learning can complete and improve the relevance of the analysis.You will have the opportunity to capitalize on videos and recommended readings to level up your financial expertise, and to use the quizzes and Jupiter notebooks to ensure grasp of concept.At the end of this course, you will master the various machine learning techniques in investment management.;
In this six-week capstone course, you will gain practical management experience in a safe, simulated software production setting. You will apply Agile practices and techniques to conquer industry-inspired challenges. Interacting with a realistic client, you will discern what they want and express what they truly need in software requirements to drive software production. Upon completing the capstone, you will be prepared to advance your career as a confident software product management professional.;
The Code Free Data Science class is designed for learners seeking to gain or expand their knowledge in the area of Data Science.  Participants will receive the basic training in effective predictive analytic approaches accompanying the growing discipline of Data Science without any programming requirements.  Machine Learning methods will be presented by utilizing the KNIME Analytics Platform to discover patterns and relationships in data. Predicting future trends and behaviors allows for proactive, data-driven decisions.  During the class learners will acquire new skills to apply predictive algorithms to real data, evaluate, validate and interpret the results without any pre requisites for any kind of programming.  Participants will gain the essential skills to design, build, verify and test predictive models.  You Will Learn•	How to design Data Science workflows without any programming involved•	Essential Data Science skills to design, build, test and evaluate predictive models•	Data Manipulation, preparation and Classification and clustering methods•	Ways to apply Data Science algorithms to real data and evaluate and interpret the results;
Welcome to Survival Analysis in R for Public Health!The three earlier courses in this series covered statistical thinking, correlation, linear regression and logistic regression. This one will show you how to run survival – or “time to event” – analysis, explaining what’s meant by familiar-sounding but deceptive terms like hazard and censoring, which have specific meanings in this context. Using the popular and completely free software R, you’ll learn how to take a data set from scratch, import it into R, run essential descriptive analyses to get to know the data’s features and quirks, and progress from Kaplan-Meier plots through to multiple Cox regression. You’ll use data simulated from real, messy patient-level data for patients admitted to hospital with heart failure and learn how to explore which factors predict their subsequent mortality. You’ll learn how to test model assumptions and fit to the data and some simple tricks to get round common problems that real public health data have. There will be mini-quizzes on the videos and the R exercises with feedback along the way to check your understanding.PrerequisitesSome formulae are given to aid understanding, but this is not one of those courses where you need a mathematics degree to follow it. You will need basic numeracy (for example, we will not use calculus) and familiarity with graphical and tabular ways of presenting results. The three previous courses in the series explained concepts such as hypothesis testing, p values, confidence intervals, correlation and regression and showed how to install R and run basic commands. In this course, we will recap all these core ideas in brief, but if you are unfamiliar with them, then you may prefer to take the first course in particular, Statistical Thinking in Public Health, and perhaps also the second, on linear regression, before embarking on this one.;
Machine learning is the study that allows computers to adaptively improve their performance with experience accumulated from the data observed. Our two sister courses teach the most fundamental algorithmic, theoretical and practical tools that any user of machine learning needs to know. This first course of the two would focus more on mathematical tools, and the other course would focus more on algorithmic tools. ;
This course describes Bayesian statistics, in which one's inferences about parameters or hypotheses are updated as evidence accumulates. You will learn to use Bayes’ rule to transform prior probabilities into posterior probabilities, and be introduced to the underlying theory and perspective of the Bayesian paradigm. The course will apply Bayesian methods to several practical problems, to show end-to-end Bayesian analyses that move from framing the question to building models to eliciting prior probabilities to implementing in R (free statistical software) the final posterior distribution. Additionally, the course will introduce credible regions, Bayesian comparisons of means and proportions, Bayesian regression and inference using multiple models, and discussion of Bayesian prediction.We assume learners in this course have background knowledge equivalent to what is covered in the earlier three courses in this specialization: "Introduction to Probability and Data," "Inferential Statistics," and "Linear Regression and Modeling.";
Now that your APIs are developed, it's time to talk about how to secure them. This course covers API security using the Apigee API platform. We'll learn about how to properly secure your APIs by covering topics such as the types of OAuth, TLS, and SAML to name a few. We'll apply these concepts with hands on labs to implement proper authentication and validation in your APIs.By taking this course, you'll come to have a high level understanding of API security and why it's important. All supplemental materials will be provided to you for offline review / reference. Since this is the final course in the Specialization, you'll come out of this course with a fully working and secure API to be used as reference for all your future builds!Note: Before starting this course, please ensure that you have completed the "API Design and Fundamentals of Google Cloud's Apigee API Platform" and "API Development on Google Cloud's Apigee API Platform" courses.;
NaN;
Welcome to Cryptography!Cryptography is the practice and study of techniques for securing communications in the presence of third parties. You will learn how to protect information in order to ensure its integrity, confidentiality, authenticity, and non-repudiation.You will come out with a basic understanding of cryptographic concepts and how to apply them, implement secure protocols, key management concepts, key administration and validation, and Public Key Infrastructure.Course Objectives1. Apply the fundamental concepts of cryptography2. Describe the difference between symmetric and asymmetric cryptography3. Define the basic requirements for cryptography4. Identify processes to support secure protocols5. Describe the process for implementing cryptographic systems6. Define key management concepts7. Define Public Key Infrastructure8. Identify processes for key administration and validation9. Describe the implementation of secure protocols;
Based on an understanding of architectural styles, you will review architectures for web applications, then explore the basics of Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) in two approaches: Web Services (WS*) and Representational State Transfer (REST) architecture. In the Capstone Project you will connect a Java-based Android application with Elasticsearch, a web service with a REST application programmer interface (API).After completing this course, you will be able to: • Describe SOA (Service-Oriented Architecture) to structure web-based systems.• Explain WS* services (i.e., SOAP over HTTP, WSDL, UDDI, BPEL).	• Apply REST architecture (i.e., JSON over HTTP, URI).	• Identify REST design principles.	• Create a system using REST interfaces.	• Apply microservice architecture.;
The world runs on computers.  Your watch, your TV, your car.  You might be familiar on how to operate each of these.  Your home computer you are even more familiar with operating it.  But what does it take to really take computer systems to the next level?  - The enterprise level.  In this course we discuss what makes home computing systems different from enterprise computing systems. This course will also help you prepare and design your own home lab to explore enterprise operating systems.This course is for anyone who is exploring what it might take to have a job as a system administrator or for those who are already specialized in one area of system management and would like to move to another.  This course may also be for those who are looking to understand how computer security plays an important role in system management. At the end of the course, you will also be able to illustrate how different enterprise technologies play role in computing at an enterprise level.  You will also be able to discuss the three pillars of the CIA triad and how they apply to enterprise systems.  While there is no technical and software component installs necessary for the completion of this course, supplemental how-to guides will be provided if you wish to follow along on the technical portion presented during the course.;
This course introduces real-time cyber security techniques and methods in the context of the TCP/IP protocol suites. Explanation of some basic TCP/IP security hacks is used to introduce the need for network security solutions such as stateless and stateful firewalls. Learners will be introduced to the techniques used to design and configure firewall solutions such as packet filters and proxies to protect enterprise assets.Perimeter solutions such as firewalls and intrusion prevention systems are shown to have significant drawbacks in common enterprise environments. The result of such weakness is shown to often exist as advanced persistent threats (APTs) from nation-state actors. Such attacks, as well as DDOS and third-party attacks, are shown to have potential solutions for modern enterprise.;
Mediante este curso serás capaz de identificar, evaluar y aprovechar las distintas oportunidades que te presenta el análisis de datos para generar valor en tu organización. Al finalizarlo, habrás desarrollado la capacidad de utilizar métodos de análisis de datos, así como herramientas y modelos de apoyo que soportarán tu toma de decisiones a nivel personal y en tu organización.En la parte inicial de este curso conocerás la importancia y rol que juega el análisis de datos (Analytics) en el mundo actual, para apoyar la toma de decisiones en nuestra vida diaria, nuestro trabajo y nuestra organización. Conocerás no solo el enorme crecimiento que ha tenido esta área en los últimos años, sino también el gran potencial y oportunidades que te presenta en el futuro inmediato. Conocerás y analizarás diversos casos de éxito tanto a nivel mundial, como en países de habla hispana.De igual forma, habrás desarrollado la capacidad de utilizar distintos métodos que te apoyarán en tu análisis de datos y proceso de toma de decisiones, utilizando además herramientas computacionales para explorar bases de datos, realizar predicciones y crear infografías asociadas al problema o decisión de tu interés. Además, identificarás elementos clave para la modelación matemática, que serán de gran utilidad para identificar el mejor curso de acción que deberás seguir.Finalmente, este curso te permitirá conocer y utilizar distintos criterios bajo los cuales podrás tomar decisiones, a partir del análisis de datos e información clave asociada a la misma. Estos criterios incluyen aspectos fundamentales como costos de oportunidad, escenarios de incertidumbre, así como distintos objetivos o metas a seleccionar, para que puedas elegir en forma efectiva la mejor decisión a tomar.Agradecemos a Fundación Televisa por su participación en la producción de este curso, con lo cual colabora a inspirar y desarrollar el potencial de las personas, a través de su compromiso con la educación y la cultura.;
This third course of the Blockchain specialization prepares you to design and develop end-to-end decentralized applications (Dapps) – which provide anyone with access to the blockchain’s features and services. You will use Truffle IDE, smart contracts, a simple web client and a MetaMask client. You will learn about the architecture of a Dapp: the front-end client interface, backed by the blockchain and smart contracts. The course covers the basic design of a Dapp, Truffle development process and commands (init, develop, test and migrate), test-driven development of Dapp, Dapp application models and emerging standards that are essential for predictable Dapp behavior. Main concepts are delivered through videos, demos and hands-on exercises.;
This course will provide you with an overview over existing data products and a good understanding of the data collection landscape. With the help of various examples you will learn how to identify which data sources likely matches your research question, how to turn your research question into measurable pieces, and how to think about an analysis plan. Furthermore this course will provide you with a general framework that allows you to not only understand each step required for a successful data collection and analysis, but also help you to identify errors associated with different data sources. You will learn some metrics to quantify each potential error, and thus you will have tools at hand to describe the quality of a data source. Finally we will introduce different large scale data collection efforts done by private industry and government agencies, and review the learned concepts through these examples. This course is suitable for beginners as well as those that know about one particular data source, but not others, and are looking for a general framework to evaluate data products.;
This project-centered course provides a guided opportunity for you to practice your agile development skills. Using the venture design process that frames the four courses in this Specialization, you will apply agile processes to a project of your choice or to a provided venture concept. From persona, problem scenario, and user story development to designing user testing and product launch, you’ll practice leading an agile project. You’ll finish the course with a portfolio-building design brief that demonstrates your learning and specialized skills in agile product development.To get the most out of this course, we suggest you first complete the other four courses in the Agile Development Specialization: Agile Meets Design Thinking, Running Product Design Sprints, Managing an Agile Team, Testing with Agile. As a  Project Management Institute (PMI®) Registered Education Provider, the University of Virginia Darden School of Business has been approved by PMI to issue 40 professional development units (PDUs) for this course, which focuses on core competencies recognized by PMI. (Provider #2122) This course is supported by the Batten Institute at UVA’s Darden School of Business. The Batten Institute’s mission is to improve the world through entrepreneurship and innovation: www.batteninstitute.org.;
Data breaches occur nearly every day.  From very large retailers, down to your fantasy football website, and anywhere in between, they have been compromised in some way.  How did the attackers get in?  What did they do with the data they compromised?  What should I be concerned with in my own business or my systems?  This course is the second course in the Practical Computer Security.  It will discuss types of threats and attack vectors commonly seen in today’s environment.  I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but threats are all over the place!  This course isn’t designed to insight fear that there is no hope for keeping systems and business secure, but rather educate you on how attacks are carried out so that you have a better sense of what to look out for in your business or with your systems.;
This self-paced training course gives participants broad study of security controls and techniques on Google Cloud Platform.Through recorded lectures, demonstrations, and hands-on labs, participants explore and deploy the components of a secure GCP solution, including Cloud Identity, the GCP Resource Manager, Cloud IAM, Google Virtual Private Cloud firewalls, Google Cloud Load balancing, Cloud CDN, Cloud Storage access control technologies, Stackdriver, Security Keys, Customer-Supplied Encryption Keys, the Google Data Loss Prevention API, and Cloud Armor. Participants learn mitigations for attacks at many points in a GCP-based infrastructure, including Distributed Denial-of-Service attacks, phishing attacks, and threats involving content classification and use.To get the most out of this course, participants should have:  * Prior completion of Google Cloud Platform Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure or equivalent experience  * Prior completion of GCP and Hybrid Networking Deep Dive or equivalent experience  * Knowledge of foundational concepts in information security, such as        * vulnerability, threat, attack surface         * confidentiality, integrity, availability        * common threat types and their mitigation strategies        * public-key cryptography        * public and private key pairs        * certificates        * cipher types        * certificate authorities        * Transport Layer Security/Secure Sockets Layer encrypted communication        * public key infrastructures        * security policy  * Basic proficiency with command-line tools and Linux operating system environments  * Systems Operations experience,  deploying and managing applications, on-premises or in a public cloud environment  * Reading comprehension of code in Python or Javascript&gt,&gt,&gt, By enrolling in this course you agree to the Qwiklabs Terms of Service as set out in the FAQ and located at: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service &lt,&lt,&lt,;
What makes for a great user experience? How can you consistently design experiences that work well, are easy to use and  people want to use? This course will teach you the core process of experience design and how to effectively evaluate your work with the people for whom you are designing. You'll learn fundamental methods of design research that will enable  you to effectively understand people, the sequences of their actions, and the context in which they work. Through the assignments, you’ll learn practical techniques for making sense of what you see and transform your observations into meaningful actionable insights and unique opportunity areas for design.  You’ll also explore how to generate ideas in response to the opportunities identified and learn methods for making your ideas tangible. By answering specific questions and refining your concepts, you’ll move closer to making your ideas real. We’ll use cases from a variety of industries including health, education, transportation, finance, and beyond to illustrate how these methods work across different domains. Good luck and we hope you enjoy the course!;
Nurses and interprofessional healthcare clinicians and educators will learn principles of informatics leadership in clinical and academic settings, and apply their learning to real world scenarios in practice and training/education environments. Learners will understand the history and development of nursing informatics leadership to appreciate today’s leadership challenges, gain self-knowledge of one’s own nursing informatics leadership skills to influence the future of the nursing informatics specialty, describe principles of nursing informatics leadership and their applications in diverse settings to gain appreciation of tailoring leadership skills to optimize outcomes, and apply nursing informatics leadership skills in interprofessional teams to understand stakeholder perspectives and opportunities to promote collaboration and achieve mutual goals.;
In this course you will learn how to work with data in iOS.  Data is the key ingredient for any functional app and one must learn how to properly display it to the user.  You will learn how to use tables and collection views to display data to users, and how to use Core Data to build more robust, data-driven applications.Every app must have data.  Making web requests is by far the most common thing you will do as an iOS developer.  You will learn how to get your apps working with servers and external data. Throughout the course, you will create a ToDo app, including learning how to decode data from a web server as well as how to make POST requests.;
If you have ever used a navigation service to find optimal route and estimate time to destination, you've used algorithms on graphs. Graphs arise in various real-world situations as there are road networks, computer networks and, most recently, social networks! If you're looking for the fastest time to get to work, cheapest way to connect set of computers into a network or efficient algorithm to automatically find communities and opinion leaders in Facebook, you're going to work with graphs and algorithms on graphs.In this course, you will first learn what a graph is and what are some of the most important properties. Then you'll learn several ways to traverse graphs and how you can do useful things while traversing the graph in some order. We will then talk about shortest paths algorithms — from the basic ones to those which open door for 1000000 times faster algorithms used in Google Maps and other navigational services. You will use these algorithms if you choose to work on our Fast Shortest Routes industrial capstone project. We will finish with minimum spanning trees which are used to plan road, telephone and computer networks and also find applications in clustering and approximate algorithms.;
This course is intended for the Bachelor and Master's students, who like practical programming and making IoTs applications!In this course we will talk about two components of a cyber physical system, namely hardware and operating systems. After completing this course, you will have the knowledge of both hardware components and operating systems. You are able to plan and use embedded operating systems in resource-constraint devices for Internet-of-Things (cyber physical system) applications. In addition, you can use Cooja simulation for designing and simulating wireless sensor network applications.We have 4 modules, each with a graded quiz in the end and finally we have one peer reviewed programming assignmentIn case you have no experience with C programming, please check you a practical course like:https://www.coursera.org/learn/arduino-platform. The course is actually quite fun at the end when you are playing around with Cooja simulation for IoTs applications. So you can create and simulate your own design for sensor network applications. A lot of features and examples of Contiki and Cooja can be explored via assignments. There are some optional assignments of wireless sensor network applications for students who want to explore more about embedded OS in IoTs applications.    - Marco Ramirez /University of Turku- Igor Tcarenko/ University of Turku- Nguyen Gia Tuan /University of TurkuCheck out our whole curriculum: http://iot4health.utu.fi/;
This Specialization is intended for learners with basic knowledge in Android app development seeking to develop knowledge in computer graphics and virtual reality in Android. Through the 4 courses, you will learn basic computer graphics theories and practical implementations of 3D graphics, OpenGL ES, and Virtual Reality on Android which will prepare you to design and develop immersive 3D and virtual reality Android app.;
IoT (Internet of Things) devices are already abundant, but new products that include IoT modules are now a common trend. Also, almost everything is already connected to a Cloud, and much more will be in the future. Naturally, as this trend continues, in the near future almost all devices and appliances will include IoT modules which will use sensor data collection and control/management based on Clouds. Since we will live in an IoT world supported by Clouds, knowledge of the core technologies and platforms of IoT and Clouds will enable you with the tools to become a true leader in the future product and business world. In this course, the start-of-the-art IoT and wireless networks and Cloud technologies are introduced (for details on 1G to 5G mobile communications and smartphone and smart device technology, please take my course “Smart Device &amp, Mobile Emerging Technologies”). This course ends with projects that teach how to analyze Bluetooth and W-Fi wireless networks and setup and use an EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud) Virtual Computer in AWS (Amazon Web Service), which is the most powerful and popular Cloud technology in the world. Comparing to the human body, IoT is the neural network and the Cloud is the brain. Thus, I cordially welcome you into the brain and neural network of the future intelligence world!;
This course will introduce you to the foundations of modern cryptography, with an eye toward practical applications.;
The course is a compendium of the must-have expertise in data science for executive and middle-management to foster data-driven innovation. It consists of introductory lectures spanning big data, machine learning, data valorization and communication. Topics cover the essential concepts and intuitions on data needs, data analysis, machine learning methods, respective pros and cons, and practical applicability issues.	The course covers terminology and concepts, tools and methods, use cases and success stories of data science applications. The course explains what is Data Science and why it is so hyped. It discusses the value that Data Science can create, the main classes of problems that Data Science can solve, the difference is between descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics, and the roles of machine learning and artificial intelligence.From a more technical perspective, the course covers supervised, unsupervised and semi-supervised methods, and explains what can be obtained with classification, clustering, and regression techniques. It discusses the role of NoSQL data models and technologies, and the role and impact of scalable cloud-based computation platforms.All topics are covered with example-based lectures, discussing use cases, success stories and realistic examples.;
This course is for anyone passionate in learning how a hardware component can be adapted at runtime to better respond to users/environment needs. This adaptation can be provided by the designers, or it can be an embedded characteristic of the system itself. These runtime adaptable systems will be implemented by using FPGA technologies.Within this course we are going to provide a basic understanding on how the FPGAs are working and of the rationale behind the choice of them to implement a desired system.This course aims to teach everyone the basics of FPGA-based reconfigurable computing systems. We cover the basics of how to decide whether or not to use an FPGA and, if this technology will be proven to be the right choice, how to program it.This is an introductory course meant to guide you through the FPGA world to make you more conscious on the reasons why you may be willing to work with them and in trying to provide you the sense of the work you have to do to be able to gain the advantages you are looking for by using these technologies.We rely on some extra readings to provide more information on the topic covered in this course.Please NOTE that most of the time, these documents are provided through the IEEE Xplore Digital Library, which means that, to access them, you have to have a valid IEEE subscriptions, either does by yourself or through your university/company.The course has no prerequisites and avoids all but the simplest mathematics and it presents technical topics by using analogizes to help also a student without a technical background to get at least a basic understanding on how an FPGA works.One of the main objectives of this course is to try to democratize the understanding and the access to FPGAs technologies. FPGAs are a terrific example of a powerful technologies that can be used in different domains. Being able to bring this technologies to domain experts and showing them how they can improve their research because of FPGAs, can be seen as the ultimate objective of this course. Once a student completes this course, they will be ready to take more advanced FPGA courses.;
Welcome to the art and science of machine learning. In this data science course you will learn the essential skills of ML intuition, good judgment and experimentation to finely tune and optimize your ML models for the best performance.  In this course you will learn the many knobs and levers involved in training a model. You will first manually adjust them to see their effects on model performance. Once familiar with the knobs and levers, otherwise known as hyperparameters, you will learn how to tune them in an automatic way using Cloud Machine Learning Engine on Google Cloud Platform.;
Computer attacks and data breaches are inevitable.  It seems like every day a data breach occurs and the victims of the data breach suffer.  Their information is stolen or posted online.  The company’s or businesses who had the breach go on, learn a little from the attack, and just give credit monitoring out as if nothing happened.  What if you could help prevent a data breach in your organization?  This is the third course in the Practical Computer Security specialization.  This course looks at detection and mitigation of threats and attack vectors and discusses how to use tools and principles to protect information.  By the end of the course you should be able to make suggestions on what type of detection and mitigation strategy is right for your systems or business given the known threats and attack vectors.  You should be able to discuss what features you want in a firewall, or how cash registers or sensitive data systems should be secured.  The project at the end of the course will allow you to apply what you have learned to argue what type of detection and mitigation strategies should have been employed by companies and businesses that have suffered a data breach.;
Whether you are accessing a bank website, Netflix or your home router, chances are that your computer is interacting with a Linux system.  The world runs on Linux.  In this course, we will dive into how Linux works from an enterprise perspective.  In week 1 we will look at what Linux is used for in the enterprise.  By the end of week 1, you will be able to differentiate between different versions of Linux and understand how they are used in an enterprise environment.  In week 2, we will explore how Linux systems are configured.  By the end of week 2, you will be able to demonstrate different Linux commands and how they are used.  You will also be able to interact with a Linux system.  In week 3, we will explore Linux authentication mechanisms and how to add users and user controls to a Linux system.  By the end of week 3, you should be able to demonstrate how to appropriately add users to a Linux machine and secure them.  In week 4, we will explore how to harden a Linux system.  By the end of week 4, you should be able to classify different technologies to secure Linux and differentiate access control methods for Linux applications.;
This course provides an introduction to Apigee API Platform On-Premises. The material walks you over Apigee product capabilities overview, architecture characteristics, technology stack and the fundamentals of topology design.As part of the course key terminology, software organizational structure and architecture are covered. The course represents the foundation for your understanding of Apigee API Platform On-Premises. The knowledge built on this course is a must for your understanding of the rest of the material on this specialization.The second half of the course will focus on the installation of the Apigee API Platform on your on premise instance.;
This course will teach you how to design futureproof systems that meet the requirements of IoT systems: systems that are secure, interoperable, modifiable and scalable. Moreover, you'll learn to apply best-in-class software architecture methods to help you design complex IoT and other applications. Lastly, you'll come to understand the business impact of the technical decisions that you make as an IoT system architect.You'll learn all about software architecture in the next 5 weeks! In the first week, you'll discover why having a well-designed architecture is important and which challenges you might come across while developing your architecture. By the end of the second week, you'll already be able to write your own requirements! In the third and fourth week, you will learn how to correctly write quality attributes and quality attribute scenarios for a specific case. In the last week, you'll learn to describe your own patterns and tactics and see how they're used in an Android framework.;
Методы машинного обучения — будь то алгоритмы классификации или регрессии, методы кластеризации или алгоритмы понижения размерности — применяются к подготовленным данным с вычисленными признаками для решения уже сформулированной задачи. Однако специалисты по анализу данных редко оказываются в такой идеальной ситуации. Обычно перед ними ставят задачи, которые нуждаются в уточнении формулировки, выборе метрики качества и протокола тестирования итоговой модели. Данные, с которыми нужно работать, часто представлены в непригодном виде: они зашумлены, содержат ошибки и выбросы, хранятся в неудобном формате и т. д.В этом курсе мы разберем прикладные задачи из различных областей анализа данных: анализ текста и информационный поиск, коллаборативная фильтрация и рекомендательные системы, бизнес-аналитика, прогнозирование временных рядов. На их примере вы узнаете, как извлекать признаки из разнородных данных, какие при этом возникают проблемы и как их решать. Вы научитесь сводить задачу заказчика к формальной постановке задачи машинного обучения и поймёте, как проверять качество построенной модели на исторических данных и в онлайн-эксперименте. На каждой задаче мы изучим плюсы и минусы пройденных алгоритмов машинного обучения.Прослушав этот курс, вы познакомитесь с распространенными типами прикладных задач и будете понимать схемы их решения.Видео курса разработаны на Python 2. Задания и ноутбуки к ним адаптированы к Python 3.;
This course teaches basics of monetization on iOS, starting with in-app ads and then moving to in-app purchases. You will learn more advanced in-app purchase integrations, and you'll make both consumable and non-consumable purchases while building a realistic iOS app. Finally, you will learn how to take your apps even further with in-app subscriptions, and how to start and cancel subscriptions and create a delightful user experience.;
Welcome to the Cloud Computing Applications course, the first part of a two-course series designed to give you a comprehensive view on the world of Cloud Computing and Big Data! In this first course we cover a multitude of technologies that comprise the modern concept of cloud computing. Cloud computing is an information technology revolution that has just started to impact many enterprise computing systems in major ways, and it will change the face of computing in the years to come.We start the first week by introducing some major concepts in cloud computing, the economics foundations of it and we introduce the concept of big data. We also cover the concept of software defined architectures, and how virtualization results in cloud infrastructure and how cloud service providers organize their offerings. In week two, we cover virtualization and containers with deeper focus, including lectures on Docker, JVM and Kubernates. We finish up week two by comparing the infrastructure as a service offering by the big three: Amazon, Google and Microsoft. Week three moves to higher level of cloud offering, including platform as a service, mobile backend as a service and even serverless architectures. We also talk about some of the cloud middleware technologies that are fundamental to cloud based applications such as RPC and REST, JSON and load balancing. Week three also covers metal as a service (MaaS), where physical machines are provisioned in a cloud environment. Week four introduces higher level cloud services with special focus on cloud storage services. We introduce Hive, HDFS and Ceph as pure Big Data Storage and file systems, and move on to cloud object storage systems, virtual hard drives and virtual archival storage options. As discussion on Dropbox cloud solution wraps up week 4 and the course.;
While scrum and XP were transforming the software development industry, there were another set of ideas (derived from lean manufacturing and Six Sigma) that started to influence software development methods.  These ideas around Lean Software Development forms the foundation of number of agile methods. In this course, we will explore lean concepts and cover some of the common Lean methods and techniques like Kanban, Value Stream Mapping, etc. In this course, we will also learn techniques like Lean Startup and Design Thinking that can help team learn about user and market needs much faster and cheaper. As part of this course, you will also apply the knowledge gained  in this course to fictional case studies.  These projects will help you gain experience to confidently apply these techniques in real world.At the end of the course,  you will be able to apply lean techniques / methods to software development.  You will also be able to apply methods to learn about your users and market needs much faster and cheaper.;
This course introduces a series of advanced and current topics in cyber security, many of which are especially relevant in modern enterprise and infrastructure settings. The basics of enterprise compliance frameworks are provided with introduction to NIST and PCI. Hybrid cloud architectures are shown to provide an opportunity to fix many of the security weaknesses in modern perimeter local area networks.Emerging security issues in blockchain, blinding algorithms, Internet of Things (IoT), and critical infrastructure protection are also described for learners in the context of cyber risk. Mobile security and cloud security hyper-resilience approaches are also introduced. The course completes with some practical advice for learners on how to plan careers in cyber security.;
HTML и CSS — языки, с помощью которых верстают страницы в интернете. Овладеть основами этих языков совсем нетрудно — это первый шаг к профессии веб-разработчика.Вначале вы узнаете, как работать со шрифтами и текстом, а в конце концов научитесь верстать несложные страницы с анимацией и без.Авторы курса — разработчики из Яндекса.У курса есть продолжение.;
This is the first course of a six part specialization.  You are STRONGLY encouraged to complete these courses in order as they are not individual independent courses, but part of a workflow where each course builds on the previous ones.This first course in the IBM AI Enterprise Workflow Certification specialization introduces you to the scope of the specialization and prerequisites.  Specifically, the courses in this specialization are meant for practicing data scientists who are knowledgeable about probability, statistics, linear algebra, and Python tooling for data science and machine learning.  A hypothetical streaming media company will be introduced as your new client.  You will be introduced to the concept of design thinking, IBMs framework for organizing large enterprise AI projects.  You will also be introduced to the basics of scientific thinking, because the quality that distinguishes a seasoned data scientist from a beginner is creative, scientific thinking.  Finally you will start your work for the hypothetical media company by understanding the data they have, and by building a data ingestion pipeline using Python and Jupyter notebooks. By the end of this course you should be able to:1.  Know the advantages of carrying out data science using a structured process2.  Describe how the stages of design thinking correspond to the AI enterprise workflow3.  Discuss several strategies used to prioritize business opportunities4.  Explain where data science and data engineering have the most overlap in the AI workflow5.  Explain the purpose of testing in data ingestion 6.  Describe the use case for sparse matrices as a target destination for data ingestion 7.  Know the initial steps that can be taken towards automation of data ingestion pipelines Who should take this course?This course targets existing data science practitioners that have expertise building machine learning models, who want to deepen their skills on building and deploying AI in large enterprises. If you are an aspiring Data Scientist, this course is NOT for you as you need real world expertise to benefit from the content of these courses. What skills should you have?It is assumed you have a solid understanding of the following topics prior to starting this course: Fundamental understanding of Linear Algebra, Understand sampling, probability theory, and probability distributions, Knowledge of descriptive and inferential statistical concepts, General understanding of machine learning techniques and best practices, Practiced understanding of Python and the packages commonly used in data science: NumPy, Pandas, matplotlib, scikit-learn, Familiarity with IBM Watson Studio, Familiarity with the design thinking process.;
This course aims at introducing the fundamental concepts of Reinforcement Learning (RL), and develop use cases for applications of RL for option valuation, trading, and asset management. By the end of this course, students will be able to- Use reinforcement learning to solve classical problems of Finance such as portfolio optimization, optimal trading, and option pricing and risk management.- Practice on valuable examples such as famous Q-learning using financial problems.- Apply their knowledge acquired in the course to a simple model for market dynamics that is obtained using reinforcement learning as the course project.Prerequisites are the courses "Guided Tour of Machine Learning in Finance" and "Fundamentals of Machine Learning in Finance". Students are expected to know the lognormal process and how it can be simulated. Knowledge of option pricing is not assumed but desirable.;
This course is an introduction to sequence models and their applications, including an overview of sequence model architectures and how to handle inputs of variable length.• Predict future values of a time-series• Classify free form text• Address time-series and text problems with recurrent neural networks• Choose between RNNs/LSTMs and simpler models• Train and reuse word embeddings in text problemsYou will get hands-on practice building and optimizing your own text classification and sequence models on a variety of public datasets in the labs we’ll work on together.  Prerequisites: Basic SQL, familiarity with Python and TensorFlow;
NaN;
We all learn numbers from the childhood. Some of us like to count, others hate it, but any person uses numbers everyday to buy things, pay for services, estimated time and necessary resources. People have been wondering about numbers’ properties for thousands of years. And for thousands of years it was more or less just a game that was only interesting for pure mathematicians. Famous 20th century mathematician G.H. Hardy once said “The Theory of Numbers has always been regarded as one of the most obviously useless branches of Pure Mathematics”. Just 30 years after his death, an algorithm for encryption of secret messages was developed using achievements of number theory. It was called RSA after the names of its authors, and its implementation is probably the most frequently used computer program in the word nowadays. Without it, nobody would be able to make secure payments over the internet, or even log in securely to e-mail and other personal services. In this short course, we will make the whole journey from the foundation to RSA in 4 weeks. By the end, you will be able to apply the basics of the number theory to encrypt and decrypt messages, and to break the code if one applies RSA carelessly. You will even pass a cryptographic quest!As prerequisites we assume only basic math (e.g., we expect you to know what is a square or how to add fractions), basic programming in python (functions, loops, recursion), common sense and curiosity. Our intended audience are all people that work or plan to work in IT, starting from motivated high school students.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
Microsoft Windows has been at the forefront of enterprise computing for several decades.  What most office workers see is the desktop side – such as Windows 7, 8 or 10.  This course explores what it takes to design and build the server side of Windows in an enterprise environment.  This course will explore everything from Windows Server installation to configuring users, to hardening the server operating system itself.  This course is the second course in the System Management and Security Specialization focusing on enterprise system management.  The first week of this course provides an overview of how Windows operates in an enterprise environment and what it may look like in the real world.  Week 2 of the course will show you how Windows users interact with the system.  At the end of Week 2, you will be able to demonstrate how Windows authentication works at the end of Week 2.  Week 3 will explore authorization in a Windows environment.  At the end of Week 3, you will be able to differentiate between different authorization mechanisms and use different technologies to secure data within the environment.  Week 4 explores built in security features of Windows and demonstrates how to use each technology effectively and in what circumstances you would use what technology for what purpose. At the end of week 4, you will be able to determine which technology is the best technology to use to secure certain portions of the Windows operating system.;
本专项课程向所有希望成为.Net程序员的学习者介绍.Net平台下的软件开发技术。课程从计算机基础知识入手，不需要先修课程。也就是说，无论你目前从事何种行业、有什么样的专业背景，都能快速理解课程内容。我们从零起点开始，首先向你介绍计算机的基础知识；之后，将系统介绍C#程序设计的方法和技巧，帮你实现“从入门到提高、到实用”的进阶。C#是微软公司专门为.Net平台创建的一门程序设计语言，可以访问强大的.NET框架类库，特别适合于有大量需求的应用程序开发任务，尤其是企业应用程序、基于Web的应用程序和移动式应用程序。为了帮助你真正具备各类应用程序开发能力，在介绍完C#编程方法之后，本专项课程还系统讲述了SQL Server数据库技术、基于.Net的Web开发技术。借助配套的在线编程测试，可以有效训练和提升你的实际编程序水平。最后，通过与微软亚洲研究院联合开设的结业实训项目，帮助你具备.Net应用程序开发和Web应用程序开发的基本能力。如果你完成了本专项课程并获得好成绩，你将有可能获得进入微软公司实习、并最终获得工作岗位的机会。;
Robotic systems typically include three components: a mechanism which is capable of exerting forces and torques on the environment, a perception system for sensing the world and a decision and control system which modulates the robot's behavior to achieve the desired ends.  In this course we will consider the problem of how a robot decides what to do to achieve its goals. This problem is often referred to as Motion Planning and it has been formulated in various ways to model different situations.  You will learn some of the most common approaches to addressing this problem including graph-based methods, randomized planners and artificial potential fields.  Throughout the course, we will discuss the aspects of the problem that make planning challenging.;
This is the third course of the Advanced Machine Learning on GCP specialization. In this course,We will take a look at different strategies for building an image classifier using convolutional neural networks. We'll improve the model's accuracy with augmentation, feature extraction, and fine-tuning hyperparameters while trying to avoid overfitting our data. We will also look at practical issues that arise, for example, when you don’t have enough data and how to incorporate the latest research findings into our models.You will get hands-on practice building and optimizing your own image classification models on a variety of public datasets in the labs we’ll work on together.  Prerequisites: Basic SQL, familiarity with Python and TensorFlow;
In today's world, software development is highly complex and often has large teams of developers working on small pieces of a larger software project. This course will go over the basic principles of using a continuous integration system effectively to constantly improve software. We're going to describe the different stations of continuous test, build, integration and deploy processes required for DevOps practices and apply best practices for quality software management, and tooling to accomplish iterative software build &amp, test processes. You will be able to create an automated job for continuous build, test, integrate, and deploy with Travis CI and use branching and project workflows to enhance the quality, speed and feedback loops for your software assets. We'll describe the attributes of Deterministic Builds and how they are applied within the CI pipeline and use the Continuous Integration data and analytics to measure and improve the health of your software assets. Automation at scale is now more achievable for software development teams, as continuous integration makes it possible.;
Welcome to the Reinforcement Learning course. Here you will find out about:- foundations of RL methods: value/policy iteration, q-learning, policy gradient, etc.--- with math &amp, batteries included- using deep neural networks for RL tasks--- also known as "the hype train"- state of the art RL algorithms--- and how to apply duct tape to them for practical problems.- and, of course, teaching your neural network to play games--- because that's what everyone thinks RL is about. We'll also use it for seq2seq and contextual bandits.Jump in. It's gonna be fun!Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
Every day you use your smartphone. Your smartphone wakes you up, it is the first thing you use in the morning, and the last thing you check (e.g., alarm setting) before you sleep. In addition, you use it all day. A typical cellphone user touches their mobile phone 2,617 times a day (Dscout report based on 2017) and people spend over 4 hours a day on their mobile phones (Hackernoon report) on average. Smartphones and smart watches are very useful and will become even more useful due to their smaller sizes, lighter weights, versatile functionalities, advanced mobile communications &amp, wireless networking (e.g., Wi-Fi &amp, Bluetooth) technologies. In this course, the start-of-the-art smartphone and smart watch technology and components in addition to the global market trends and future forecasts are introduced. Since everybody uses smartphones and smart watches, knowing the details about the most globally used electronic device will definitely help you in all aspects of new product and app design &amp, development, as well as business planning. In addition, the core technology and components of the world’s most popular smartphones (i.e., the Samsung Galaxy Note8 and Apple iPhone X) and smart watches (i.e., Samsung Gear S3 and the Apple Watch Series 3) are introduced along with details of the iOS and Android smartphone OSs (Operating Systems) and mobile communications 1G to 5G (for details on Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, please take my course “IoT Wireless &amp, Cloud Emerging Technology”). This course ends with projects that teach how to analyze the components of smartphones and check the mobile network. Consequently, this course will prepare you to be more successful in businesses strategic planning in the upcoming smart device era. I cordially welcome you in to the amazing internal dynamics of the smart device world!;
この 2 週間の速習オンデマンド コースでは、Google Cloud Platform（GCP）のビッグデータ機能と機械学習機能を紹介します。Google Cloud Platform の概要を簡単に説明した後、データ処理機能について詳しく説明します。このコースを修了すると、受講者は次のことができるようになります。• Google Cloud Platform のビッグデータと機械学習に関係する主要プロダクトの目的と価値を理解する• Cloud SQL と Cloud Dataproc を使用して既存の MySQL と Hadoop、Pig、Spark、Hive のワークロードを Google Cloud Platform に移行する• BigQuery と Cloud Datalab を使用してインタラクティブなデータ解析を実行する• Cloud SQL、Bigtable、Datastore のいずれかを選択する• TensorFlow を使用してニューラル ネットワークをトレーニングし、利用する• Google Cloud Platform のさまざまなデータ処理プロダクトについて理解し、選択するこのコースは、次の 1 つ以上の分野で 1 年程度の経験がある方を対象としています。• SQL などの一般的なクエリ言語• 抽出、変換、読み込みの操作• データ モデリング• 機械学習または統計• Python でのプログラミングGoogle アカウントに関する注意点:• 現在 Google サービスは中国では使用できません。;
Augmented Reality, or AR, will transform how we see and interact with the world. And the hardware that makes AR possible is the smartphone that you may already have in your pocket. In this course, you'll learn how to develop your own mobile AR applications in Unity for iOS and Android devices. You'll learn about the features offered by Unity's AR Foundation, and about additional features in ARKit and ARCore. Using the very latest techniques recommended by Unity engineers, you'll build a complete AR environment that you can continue to use after the course, while learning to apply best practices in user experience and interaction.This is the last of three courses in Unity's XR Specialization, which includes an Introduction to XR course as well as a course focused on developing VR applications with Unity. Note that, to complete this course, you will need a smartphone capable of running ARKit or ARCore. Compatible devices are listed in the links below:https://developers.google.com/ar/discover/supported-deviceshttps://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/DeviceInformation/Reference/iOSDeviceCompatibility/DeviceCompatibilityMatrix/DeviceCompatibilityMatrix.htmlThe course also assumes that you already have experience developing applications with Unity and that you are comfortable with basic C# programming. It will also be helpful if you are familiar with building other types of apps to run on mobile devices.;
Welcome to Web Connectivity and Security in Cyber Physical Systems!In this course, we will explore several technologies that bring modern devices together, facilitating a network of connected things and making devices internet enabled. We will discuss rules, protocols, and standards for these devices to communicate with each other in the network. We will also go through security and privacy issues and challenges in cyber physical systems (CPS). We will explore measures and techniques for securing systems from different perspectives. Possible attack models are introduced and solutions to tackle such attacks are discussed. Moreover, some basic concepts related to privacy in cyber physical systems are presented.The course comprises altogether five modules and is split up into two main sections. The first section contains three modules and centers on the problem of web connectivity in cyber physical systems. The second section consist of two modules focusing on security measures in such systems. Each module ends with a graded quiz, and there is a final peer reviewed exam at the end of the course covering the two main sections of the course. After completing this course, you will have the basic knowledge and capacity for designing the network architecture of your cyber physical system. This includes putting together different components, selecting suitable communication protocols, and utilizing these protocols in your system. You will also be able to define security requirements for your system and choose and implement a proper security and privacy technique to protect it.;
Cette formation de spécialisation en ligne d'une durée de cinq semaines présente en pratique comment concevoir et développer des systèmes de traitement des données sur Google Cloud Platform. À travers un ensemble de présentations, de démonstrations et d'ateliers pratiques, les participants apprennent à concevoir des systèmes de traitement de données, à créer des pipelines de données de bout en bout, à analyser des données et à exécuter des tâches de machine learning. Ce cours traite des données par flux ainsi que des données structurées et non structurées.Ce cours permet aux participants d'acquérir les compétences suivantes :• Concevoir et développer des systèmes de traitement de données sur Google Cloud Platform• Exploiter des données non structurées à l'aide de Spark et des API de ML sur Cloud Dataproc• Traiter des données par lot ou par flux en mettant en œuvre des pipelines de données d'autoscaling sur Cloud Dataflow• Obtenir des informations métier à partir de très grands ensembles de données à l'aide de Google BigQuery• Entraîner, évaluer et effectuer des prédictions à l'aide de modèles de machine learning avec TensorFlow et Cloud ML• Obtenir des insights immédiats à partir de données par fluxCe cours s'adresse aux développeurs expérimentés qui se chargent de réaliser des opérations de transformation du big data.En vous inscrivant à cette spécialisation vous acceptez les conditions d'utilisation de Qwiklabs décrites dans la FAQ et disponibles à l'adresse: https://qwiklabs.com/terms_of_service;
This course focuses on developing multiplatform mobile applications using the Web technologies (HTML5, CSS and Javascript). In particular we make use of the Cordova hybrid application framework to develop and target multiple mobile platforms with a single codebase. We make use of the Ionic framework (Ionic Ver 3.x), one of the most popular mobile application frameworks, that is built with mobile-optimized HTML5 and CSS based components and Angular. You will learn about UI development with Ionic and then using Cordova's modules to access the native mobile platform's capabilities from Javascript. You should have already completed the Bootstrap 4 and the Angular courses in this specialization before proceeding with this course.At the end of this course you will be able to (a) Build mobile applications targeting multiple platforms with a single codebase, (b) Leverage your HTML5, CSS, Javascript and Angular skills, and (c) Use various features of the Ionic framework to build hybrid mobile applications;
This course has a singular and clear aim, to empower you to do statistical tests, ready for incorporation into your dissertations, research papers, and presentations.  The ability to summarize data, create plots and charts, and to do the tests that you commonly see in the literature is a powerful skill indeed.  Not only will it further your career, but it will put you in the position to contribute to the advancement of humanity through scientific research. We live in a wonderful age with great tools at our disposal, ready to achieve this goal.  None are quite as easy to learn, yet as powerful to use, as the Wolfram Language.  Knowledge is literally built into the language.  With its well-structured and consistent approach to creating code, you will become an expert in no time. This course follows the modern trend of learning statistical analysis through the use of a computer language.  It requires no prior knowledge of coding.  An exciting journey awaits. If you wanting even more, there are optional Honors lessons on machine learning that cover the support in the Wolfram Language for deep learning.;
Relational Database Support for Data Warehouses is the third course in the Data Warehousing for Business Intelligence specialization. In this course, you'll use analytical elements of SQL for answering business intelligence questions. You'll learn features of relational database management systems for managing summary data commonly used in business intelligence reporting. Because of the importance and difficulty of managing implementations of data warehouses, we'll also delve into storage architectures, scalable parallel processing, data governance, and big data impacts.;
Exploration of Data Science requires certain background in probability and statistics. This course introduces you to the necessary sections of probability theory and statistics, guiding you from the very basics all way up to the level required for jump starting your ascent in Data Science. The core concept of the course is random variable — i.e. variable whose values are determined by random experiment. Random variables are used as a model for data generation processes we want to study. Properties of the data are deeply linked to the corresponding properties of random variables, such as expected value, variance and correlations. Dependencies between random variables are crucial factor that allows us to predict unknown quantities based on known values, which forms the basis of supervised machine learning. We begin with the notion of independent events and conditional probability, then introduce two main classes of random variables: discrete and continuous and study their properties. Finally, we learn different types of data and their connection with random variables.While introducing you to the theory, we'll pay special attention to practical aspects for working with probabilities, sampling, data analysis, and data visualization in Python.This course requires basic knowledge in Discrete mathematics (combinatorics) and calculus (derivatives, integrals).;
Neste curso, assumimos que você já sabe projetar e desenvolver programas mais complexos em Java, com método e organização graças às boas práticas e princípios exercitados no curso anterior, mas você talvez não se sinta ainda confortável em projetar programas usando técnicas ágeis, como o desenvolvimento guiado por testes (TDD). O objetivo deste curso é expor você aos princípios e práticas de desenvolvimento guiado por testes, tanto para modelar quanto para desenvolver aplicações e componentes de software, sem abandonar os conceitos e princípios de orientação a objetos aprendidos no curso anterior. De fato, pregamos que tais conceitos e princípios fortalecem o emprego do TDD no desenvolvimento ágil de software com mais qualidade. Este curso terá um grande foco em atividades hands-on, permitindo a você captar todos os aspectos práticos da técnica e facilitar a sua aplicação quando estiver projetando e desenvolvendo software de maneira ágil nos próximos cursos.Os conceitos de desenvolvimento de software com Java apresentados neste curso incluem o seguinte: revisão de testes de unidade, automação de testes, desenvolvimento guiado por testes, ciclo do TDD, refatoração de código de produção, ciclo de refatoração, uso de objetos stubs e mocks, boas práticas no TDD, modelagem de software por meio do TDD.Ao final deste curso, você terá amadurecido de tal modo suas habilidades de programação que será capaz de implementar, agora usando o TDD, versões modificadas e estendidas do componente de gamificação constante do Trabalho de Conclusão da Especialização, com base nas boas práticas exercitadas neste curso.;
This course focuses on a range of management techniques. You’ll discover the main skills and competencies of effective leaders, and how to distinguish between management and leadership. The course will cover team dynamics, how to build effective relationships, key motivation theories, and how to use communication to best effect.This course forms part of a specialisation from the University of London designed to help you develop and build the essential business, academic, and cultural skills necessary to succeed in international business, or in further study. If completed successfully, your certificate from this specialisation can also be used as part of the application process for the University of London Global MBA programme, particularly for early career applicants. If you would like more information about the Global MBA, please visit https://mba.london.ac.uk/.This course is endorsed by CMI;
Every mobile app gives you something. It could be not only something tangible like the pair of jeans you've ordered using the app but also a piece of work like waking you up in the morning. It could be a feeling, for instance, a feeling of enjoyment obtained from watching a video clip or a feeling of closeness flashed out after receiving an old photo from a loving person via some instant messenger. That "something" is actually the reason why you use the app, it is the heart of the product, and in this course we will not talk about it. Surprised? You shouldn’t be. There are always two sides of a coin. There should be a person who makes that "something" accessible. It is astonishingly important because the use of the product loses its meaning if users can’t get what they want.The main objective of the course is to teach you to shape mobile products and services for people’s use. To do that, you’ll need to learn:- Interaction design activities and their place in the whole product design process- User research methods with a focus on the qualitative ones- Usability inspection and empirical usability evaluation methods- The process of design creation and best practices from interaction design, information architecture and visual design fields of study with a focus on the formerInterfaces of handheld devices and tablets are in the spotlight. However, the processes and techniques covered by the course can be successfully applied to design interactions with mobile web apps and wearables. It should be noted that this course does not cover topics such as design management and mobile development, and it will as well not teach you how to use wireframing and prototyping tools.What makes the course unique is a focus on the way of thinking during a design process, the representation of a designer’s decisions in the form of design questions that make the continuous reflection on the design process possible and leads to the growth of the number of proposed design alternatives. The second unique thing about this course is a focus on the explanation of the concept of usability problems, and the processes of discovering and analysing them.Upon completion of the course, you will be able to:- Improve designs by eliminating different kinds of interaction problems- Design huge chunks of user interfaces in the case of adding a new feature to a product- Redesign a complete app by a given set of functions (e.g., extending an existing product to a new platform)The practical part of the course will require you to discover and eliminate interaction problems of a chosen mobile app. You will go through running guerrilla usability study, analysing gathered data, and making evidence-based design changes, which will enable you to create your first case study.This course was designed for those who are involved in creating digital interactive products (not necessarily for mobile) but do not have considerable experience in interaction design. If you are a UX professional in a junior position, a developer, manager or visual designer, this class is for you. This is not an introductory level course, so if you are new to the field, we recommend you take the “Introduction to User Experience Design” course from Georgia Institute of Technology before taking this one. Also, parts of this course such as the aforementioned process of design creation and approach to usability inspection can be useful for experienced designers.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
This course will teach you how to develop an embedded systems device. In order to reduce the time to market, many pre-made hardware and software components are available today. You'll discover all the available hardware and software components, such as processor families, operating systems, boards and networks. You'll also learn how to actually use and integrate these components.At the end of the course you will be ready to start architecting and implementing your own embedded device! You'll learn how to debug and finetune your device and how to make it run on a low power supply.;
This course teaches you the fundamentals of clinical natural language processing (NLP). In this course you will learn the basic linguistic principals underlying NLP, as well as how to write regular expressions and handle text data in R. You will also learn practical techniques for text processing to be able to extract information from clinical notes.  Finally, you will have a chance to put your skills to the test with a real-world practical application where you develop text processing algorithms to identify diabetic complications from clinical notes. You will complete this work using a free, online computational environment for data science hosted by our Industry Partner Google Cloud.;
In this course, you will learn relevant fundamentals of human motor performance, perception, and cognition that inform effective interaction design. You will use these models of how people work to design more effective input and interaction techniques. You’ll apply these to both traditional graphic and gestural interfaces.;
Machine learning is the study that allows computers to adaptively improve their performance with experience accumulated from the data observed. Our two sister courses teach the most fundamental algorithmic, theoretical and practical tools that any user of machine learning needs to know. This second course of the two would focus more on algorithmic tools, and the other course would focus more on mathematical tools. ;
In Software Requirements Elicitation for Secure Software Development, we're going to discuss the overall software requirements process as it applies  in waterfall, spiral, and agile models.  You'll learn about each of these processes and your goals as a software requirements analyst.  This is not an easy task! Who do you talk to, when, and what kind of knowledge are you trying to obtain, in any software life cycle? How do you handle obstacles as you go?These are the questions we will focus on answering in this specialization.;
Palo Alto Networks Cybersecurity Essentials ICourse Description: Essentials I provides the student with a partial understanding of the fundamental tenants of cybersecurity and covers the general security concepts involved in maintaining a secure network computing environment. Students will partially learn the nature and scope of today’s cybersecurity challenges, strategies for network defense, as well as detailed information about next-generation cybersecurity solutions. Students will also deploy a variety of security methodologies as well as technologies and concepts used for implementing a secure network environment. Learning Objectives: Upon completion of this course, students will be able to: • Formulate an industry-standard design to protect infrastructure against cybersecurity threats. • Apply advanced filtering methodologies such as user, application, and content ID to protect against all known and unknown attack vectors. • Describe the basics of cryptography including synchronous/asynchronous encryption, PKI, and certificates.;
What will you learn?Embedded Systems are so ubiquitous that some of us take them for granted: we find them in smartphones, GPS systems, airplanes and so on. But have you ever wondered how these devices actually work? If so, you're in the right place! In this course, you'll learn about the characteristics of embedded systems: the possibilities, dangers, complications and recipes for success. We'll discuss all of this in the framework of a flourishing embedded systems field: the Internet of Things, where billions of intercommunicating devices could enable unprecedented, innovative products and services. If you'd like to learn how to create similarly innovative products, then this is the course for you!At the end of the course, you'll be able to:- make the right choice for your own project when it comes to the target market, parallel executions, time and the lifecycle of your system- hack, avoid failure and promote success - decide whether to buy or to build components- how to assemble a good team- install case tools- learn how to work with SysMLThis is an introductory course. Check out our more advanced course Architecting Smart IoT Devices soon if you want to go beyond the basics!;
OpenCL™ is a standard for writing parallel programs for heterogeneous systems, much like the NVidia* CUDA* programming language. In the FPGA environment, OpenCL constructs are synthesized into custom logic. An overview of the OpenCL standards will be discussed. You will learn about the platform, execution, memory, and programming models that define the OpenCL specification. Syntax of the OpenCL language will be discussed, and you will see examples of OpenCL usage. The similarities and differences between OpenCL and CUDA will be highlighted throughout. The advantages of using the Intel® FPGA OpenCL solution will be presented.*OpenCL and the OpenCL logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. used by permission of Khronos*Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others;
Good system management not only requires managing the systems themselves, but requires careful planning to make systems interact with each other, auditing of the systems once the systems are built, and proactive maintenance of all systems.  Organizations also rely on organizational policies, such as Acceptable Use Policies to bolster the technical aspect of system management.  This course explores many of the behind the scenes requirements of good system management.  The first half of the course covers how to build security into system management process and the organization policies necessary for any enterprise to follow.  The latter half of the course focuses on auditing and maintenance of systems once they have been designed, and implemented.  By the end of the course you should be able to design and construct organizational policies based on a set of requirements, audit a system based on those requirements, and make sure systems adhere technically to the set of requirements.;
A blank canvas is full of possibility. If you have an idea for a user experience, how do you turn it into a beautiful and effective user interface?  This covers covers principles of visual design so that you can effectively organize and present information with your interfaces. You'll learn concrete strategies to create user interfaces, including key lessons in typography, information architecture, layout, color, and more. You’ll learn particular issues that arise in new device contexts, such as mobile and responsive interfaces. You will learn how to apply these design principles in a modern context of increasingly diverse form factors - from tablets, to walls, to watches.;
In this course, you will learn how to create a complete, multi-user web site using the Meteor.js framework and MongoDB. You will implement user authentication, security features, reactive templates and routing using iron router. You will carry out key database operations such as inserting, removing and updating data as well as sorting and filtering. You will see how a complete application can be built, line by line. At the end of the course, you will be able to:1. Install the Meteor.js system and create a web application2. Work with the Meteor.js packaging system3. Write Meteor.js templates that can reactively display data4. Use insert, remove and update operations on MongoDB5. Write MongoDB data filters to search for and sort data6 .Add  user authentication functionality to a website7. Control what is displayed on the page using iron:router 8. Implement basic security features In this course, you will complete:1 server install assignment taking ~1 hour to complete1 programming assignment taking ~8 hours to complete4 quizzes, each taking ~20 minutes to completemultiple practice quizzes, each taking ~5 minutes to completePrerequisitesThis course is designed to build on top of the material delivered in the previous two courses in this specialisation. Therefore, we recommend that if you find this course too technically challenging that you first complete the previous courses before re-commencing this one. Specifically, we expect you to be able to code basic HTML, CSS and Javascript before you take this course. Participation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for University of London programmes.;
In this UX capstone course, you’ll conduct a multi-stage user experience project to design a product from scratch. You will employ interviews, inspection methods, and user testing, along with ideation, design, and prototyping methods to gain and communicate valuable insight that can be used to deliver a compelling product.You will:    Learn how to design and carry out an integrated multi-phase user experience research and design project    Gain experience conducting user experience research in a real-world setting    Gain hands-on experience with a realistic UX design project    Improve ability to communicate design concepts and actionable research findings.;
Operations on data become more expensive when the data item is located higher in the memory hierarchy. An operation on data in CPU registers is roughly a million times faster than an operation on a data item that is located in external memory that needs to be fetched first. These data fetches are also called I/O operations and need to be taken into account during the design of an algorithm. The goal of this course is to become familiar with important algorithmic concepts and techniques needed to effectively deal with such problems. We will work with a simplified memory hierarchy, but the notions extend naturally to more realistic models. Prerequisites:In order to successfully take this course, you should already have a basic knowledge of algorithms and mathematics. Here's a short list of what you are supposed to know:- O-notation, Ω-notation, Θ-notation, how to analyze algorithms- Basic calculus: manipulating summations, solving recurrences, working with logarithms, etc.- Basic probability theory: events, probability distributions, random variables, expected values etc.- Basic data structures: linked lists, stacks, queues, heaps- (Balanced) binary search trees- Basic sorting algorithms, for example MergeSort, InsertionSort, QuickSort- Graph terminology, representations of graphs (adjacency lists and adjacency matrix), basic graph algorithms (BFS, DFS, topological sort, shortest paths)The material for this course is based on the course notes that can be found under the resources tab.  We will not cover everything from the course notes. The course notes are there both for students who did not fully understand the lectures as well as for students who would like to dive deeper into the topics.The video lectures contain a few very minor mistakes. A list of these mistakes can be found under resources. If you think you found an error, report a problem by clicking the square flag at the bottom of the lecture or quiz where you found the error.;
This course is for anyone passionate in learning how to develop FPGA-accelerated applications with SDAccel!We are entering in an era in which technology progress induces paradigm shifts in computing!As a tradeoff between the two extreme characteristics of GPP and ASIC, we can find a new concept, a new idea of computing... the reconfigurable computing, which has combined the advantages of both the previous worlds. Within this context, we can say that reconfigurable computing will widely, pervasively, and gradually impact human lives. Hence, it is time that we focus on how reconfigurable computing and reconfigurable system design techniques are to be utilised for building applications.One one hand reconfigurable computing can have better performance with respect to a software implementation but paying this in terms of time to implement. On the other hand a reconfigurable device can be used to design a system without requiring the same design time and complexity compared to a full custom solution but being beaten in terms of performance.Within this context, the Xilinx SDx tools, including the SDAccel environment, the SDSoC environment, and Vivado HLS, provide an out-of-the-box experience for system programmers looking to partition elements of a software application to run in an FPGA-based hardware element, and having that hardware work seamlessly with the rest of the application running in a processor or embedded processor. The out-of-the-box experience will provide interesting and, let us say, “good enough” results for many applications. However, this may not be true for you, you may be looking for better performance, data throughput, reduced latency, or to reduce the resources usage... This course is focusing exactly on this. After introducing you to the FPGAs we are going to dig more into the details on how to use Xilinx SDAccel providing you also with working examples on how to optimize the hardware logic to obtain the best of of your hardware implementations. In this case, certain attributes, directives, or pragmas, can be used to direct the compilation and synthesis of the hardware kernel, or to optimise the function of the data mover operating between the processor and the hardware logic.Furthermore, In this course we are going to focus on distributed, heterogeneous infrastructures, presenting how to bring your solutions to life by using the Amazon EC2 F1 instances.;
We’ll implement (in Python) together efficient programs for a problem needed by delivery companies all over the world millions times per day — the travelling salesman problem. The goal in this problem is to visit all the given places as quickly as possible. How to find an optimal solution to this problem quickly? We still don’t have provably efficient algorithms for this difficult computational problem and this is the essence of the P versus NP problem, the most important open question in Computer Science. Still, we’ll implement several solutions for real world instances of the travelling salesman problem. While designing these solutions, we will rely heavily on the material learned in the courses of the specialization: proof techniques, combinatorics, probability, graph theory. We’ll see several examples of using discrete mathematics ideas to get more and more efficient solutions.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
Данный курс посвящен созданию пользовательского интерфейса. В начале курса вы узнаете об основных компонентах интерфейса и их создании. Научитесь правильно строить адаптивный интерфейс, подстраивающийся под разный контент и размеры экранов как в Interface Builder так и в коде.Далее в курсе вы научитесь работать с контроллерами и переходами, и сможете самостоятельно создать пользовательский интерфейс из нескольких экранов.В завершении курса вы научитесь работать с таблицами и коллекциями - UITableView и UICollectionView.;
Во-первых, в «Чёрном поясе» будут изложены темы, без которых ваше представление о C++ будет неполным, — это таблицы виртуальных методов, виртуальные деструкторы, неопределённое поведение, шаблоны с произвольным числом аргументов и forwarding-ссылки. Во-вторых, мы предоставим вам возможность поработать с библиотеками и инструментами, без которых трудно представить современную разработку на С++, — это санитайзеры и protobuf. Наконец, «Чёрный пояс» будет содержать большой проект, который на этот раз будет длиться не одну неделю как обычно, а целых три. После прохождения нашей специализации слушатели должны:* уметь самостоятельно решать практические задачи на языке С++,* применять естественные для С++ идиомы и конструкции (STL, RAII, const-correctness, type-safety),* уметь самостоятельно находить ответы на свои вопросы и изучать язык глубже,* уметь писать на С++ эффективный код без ущерба для readibility и maintainability кода.Финальный проект «Чёрного пояса» призван проверить, достигли ли слушатели этих целей.;
The foundation of engineering design is often coupled with validation. Simulation is a great tool that allows engineers to test, validate, and modify designs before they become a physical prototype. When used early in the process for simulation driven design and throughout the development process, simulation can help drive the design, make informed design decisions, speed up time to production, and most importantly, identify and eliminate costly design mistakes.  Like any other tool though, it must be used properly to yield the best results. In this course, we’ll explore the usage static stress simulation, shape optimization, thermal and other mechanical simulation types to better understand how we can apply these tools to everyday design problems.After taking this course, you'll be able to:- Describe the simulation workflow in Fusion 360.- Summarize the use cases for various types of simulation studies.- Demonstrate knowledge and skills in more advanced Fusion 360 CAD and CAE skills.- Explain and identify simulation results;
Enterprises that seek to become proficient in advanced manufacturing must incorporate manufacturing management tools and integrate data throughout the supply chain to be successful. This course will make students aware of what a digitally connected enterprise is, as they learn about the operational complexity of enterprises, business process optimization and the concept of an integrated product-process-value chain. Students will become acquainted with the available tools, technologies and techniques for aggregation and integration of data throughout the manufacturing supply chain and entire product life-cycle. They will receive foundational knowledge to assist in efforts to facilitate design, planning, and production scheduling of goods and services by applying product life cycle data.  Main concepts of this course will be delivered through lectures, readings, discussions and various videos. This is the sixth course in the Digital Manufacturing &amp, Design Technology specialization that explores the many facets of manufacturing’s “Fourth Revolution,”  aka Industry 4.0, and features a culminating project involving creation of a roadmap to achieve a self-established DMD-related professional goal.To learn more about the Digital Manufacturing and Design Technology specialization, please watch the overview video by copying and pasting the following link into your web browser: https://youtu.be/wETK1O9c-CA;
In the last course of our specialization, Overview of Advanced Methods of Reinforcement Learning in Finance, we will take a deeper look into topics discussed in our third course, Reinforcement Learning in Finance.In particular, we will talk about links between Reinforcement Learning, option pricing and physics, implications of Inverse Reinforcement Learning for modeling market impact and price dynamics, and perception-action cycles in Reinforcement Learning. Finally, we will overview trending and potential applications of Reinforcement Learning for high-frequency trading, cryptocurrencies, peer-to-peer lending, and more.After taking this course, students will be able to - explain fundamental concepts of finance such as market equilibrium, no arbitrage, predictability,- discuss market modeling,- Apply the methods of Reinforcement Learning to high-frequency trading, credit risk peer-to-peer lending, and cryptocurrencies trading.;
Cybersecurity Gateway II Gateway II Course DescriptionGateway II provides the student with a full understanding of the fundamental tenants of networking and covers the general concepts involved in maintaining a secure network computing environment. Upon successful completion of this course, students will be able to fully examine, describe general networking fundamentals and implement basic networking configuration techniques. Gateway II Learning Objectives: Upon completion of this course, students will be able to: •	Examine cybersecurity landscape environments, attack threat vectors, exposure, vulnerabilities, and risk factors. •	Accurately explain common use of cloud, virtualization, storage, backup, and recovery procedures. •	Apply the knowledge and skills necessary to plan, design, implement, troubleshoot, and maintain network infrastructure environments.;
Este curso te dará ágil acceso a  las estructuras de datos principales del lenguaje de programación Python en su versión 3.0. Una vez que termines este curso tendrás un conocimiento general de Python, que te permitirá realizar programas que trabajen con muchos datos tomados desde archivos de la computadora. Aquí podrás conocer cómo utilizar las estructuras de datos integradas en Python, como las listas, los diccionarios y las tuplas. Además entenderás cómo trabajar con archivos y el manejo de excepciones. Como se trata del segundo curso dentro de un programa especializado, se requiere tener conocimientos de los conceptos básicos de programación y saber escribir y ejecutar scripts de Python.Este curso cubrirá las secciones 6-9 del libro de texto “El Tutorial de Python” de Guido Van Rossum, el creador de Python.;
This course talks about software development lifecycles a description/prescription for how we write software.  Design is a step in this life cycle, and the course explores the implications of this.  Design has a role in the life cycle, it is always there, regardless of the kind of life cycle we’re talking about.  Why is that?  Why was design considered as a step in this life cycle?;
Cloud computing systems today, whether open-source or used inside companies, are built using a common set of core techniques, algorithms, and design philosophies – all centered around distributed systems. Learn about such fundamental distributed computing "concepts" for cloud computing.Some of these concepts include: clouds, MapReduce, key-value/NoSQL stores, classical distributed algorithms, widely-used distributed algorithms, scalability, trending areas, and much, much more!  Know how these systems work from the inside out. Get your hands dirty using these concepts with provided homework exercises. In the programming assignments, implement some of these concepts in template code (programs) provided in the C++ programming language. Prior experience with C++ is required. The course also features interviews with leading researchers and managers, from both industry and academia.This course builds on the material covered in the Cloud Computing Concepts, Part 1 course.;
There are opportunities throughout the design process of any product to make significant changes, and ultimately impact the future of manufacturing, by embracing the digital thread. In this course, you will dig into the transformation taking place in how products are designed and manufactured throughout the world. It is the second of two courses that focuses on the "digital thread" – the stream that starts at the creation of a product concept and continues to accumulate information and data throughout the product life cycle.  Hear about the realities of implementing the digital thread, directly from someone responsible for making it happen at a company. Learn how the digital thread can fit into product development processes in an office, on a shop floor, and even across an enterprise. Be prepared to talk about the benefits, and limitations, of enacting it.Main concepts of this course will be delivered through lectures, readings, discussions and various videos. This is the third course in the Digital Manufacturing &amp, Design Technology specialization that explores the many facets of manufacturing’s “Fourth Revolution,”  aka Industry 4.0, and features a culminating project involving creation of a roadmap to achieve a self-established DMD-related professional goal.To learn more about the Digital Manufacturing and Design Technology specialization, please watch the overview video by copying and pasting the following link into your web browser: https://youtu.be/wETK1O9c-CA;
Este curso foi desenvolvido para apresentar uma visão geral completa das redes de computadores. Falaremos sobre vários aspectos, desde os fundamentos das modernas tecnologias e protocolos de rede, passando por uma visão geral da nuvem, até as aplicações práticas e soluções para problemas de rede. Encerraremos discutindo como essas informações podem aparecer em uma entrevista de emprego e apresentando dicas para solução de problemas práticos.Até o fim deste curso, você conseguirá:● descrever as redes de computadores de acordo com o modelo de cinco camadas.● compreender todos os protocolos padrão usados nas comunicações TCP/IP.● conhecer poderosas ferramentas e técnicas de resolução de problemas de rede.● aprender sobre serviços de rede como DNS e DHCP, que ajudam a colocar as redes de computadores em funcionamento.● entender a computação em nuvem, o tudo como serviço e o armazenamento em nuvem.;
This course can also be taken for academic credit as ECEA 5386, part of CU Boulder’s Master of Science in Electrical Engineering degree.This is part 2 of the specialization. In this course students will learn :  * How to staff, plan and execute a project  * How to build a bill of materials for a product  * How to calibrate sensors and validate sensor measurements  * How hard drives and solid state drives operate  * How basic file systems operate, and types of file systems used to store big data  * How machine learning algorithms work - a basic introduction  * Why we want to study big data and how to prepare data for machine learning algorithms;
In this MOOC, we will learn Cloud Computing basics using AWS as an example,  We will guide you to create AWS account, planning AWS resources for your cloud systems, create AWS EC2 instances, access them and configure the popular LAMP web services with MySQL database. We will guide you to create user accounts for your programmer or operators using AWS Identify and Access management GUI, Register your domain name and setup DNS entry for your servers using AWS Route 53 in 22 mintues! and show you how to use AWS Command Line interface to create and managing instances and services programmatically. We then introduce AWS Load balancing feature, create load balancing cluster for scalability and reliability.  We also demonstrate how to diagnose the problem introduced by the health check and firewall restriction conflicts.   By the end of this course, you should be able to create your own web cluster with mysql databases, setup your users with credentials to manage your AWS resources/virtual machines either through their management control interface or using AWS CLI API using scripts.  You will also learn the best practice in cloud security and debugging service interaction issues may arise in the cloud systems.;
Welcome to the specialization course Relational Database Systems. This course will be completed on six weeks, it will be supported with videos and various documents that will allow you to learn in a very simple way how several types of information systems and databases are available to solve different problems and needs of the companies. Objective:A learner will be able to design, test, and implement analytical, transactional or NoSQL database systems according to business requirements by programming reliable, scalable and maintainable applications and resources using SQL and Hadoop ecosystem.Programming languages:For course 1 you will use the MYSQL language.Software to download:MySQLWorkbench In case you have a Mac / IOS operating system you will need to use a virtual Machine (VirtualBox, Vmware).;
Мобильная разработка - одна из самых динамично развивающихся отраслей IT индустрии. Тенденция к этому, несомненно, сохранится. В этих реалиях умение писать мобильные приложения это лишь малая часть профессиональной разработки. Нужно уметь писать красивый отказоустойчивый код с понятной чистой архитектурой и полным разделением логики. Код, который будет понятен как книга любому читателю. Так же, необходимо знать все современные подходы разработки Android приложений, разбираться в хороших и плохих "новинках" Android разработки. Обо всем этом вы узнаете при прохождении нашего курса. Если вы хотите быть модным, современным и профессиональным Android-разработчиком, то вы обязаны пройти этот курс!Курс создан для тех, кто хочет начать разрабатывать Android - приложения. Соответственно, задачи курса:1) Познакомить с платформой Android.2) Познакомить с интегрированной средой разработки - Android Studio.3) Разобраться в структуре проекта.4) В общем изучить компоненты Android приложения.5) Изучить UI составляющую приложений - Activity, Fragment, их жизненный цикл.6) Изучить элементы интерфейса, предоставляемые Android SDK.7) Разобраться с хранением простых строковых данных в файлах Preferences.;
The design step in developing software has some unique characteristics.  First of all, it’s the only step where drawing pictures of things is the norm.  Why is that?  What do pictures do that other representations cannot do?  Pictures have varying levels of detail, pictures have context.  Pictures…paint a picture.  Why are these things important?  In this course, too, we begin looking at other disciplines (building architecture is a favorite one) for lessons on design.;
In App Design and Development for iOS, the third course of the iOS App Development with Swift specialization, you will be developing foundational programming skills to support graphical element presentation and data manipulation from basic functions through to advanced processing. You will continue to build your skill set to use and apply core graphics, touch handling and gestures, animations and transitions, alerts and actions as well as advanced algorithms, threading and more. By the end of this course you will be able to develop a more advanced, fully functioning app.Currently this course is taught using Swift 2. The team is aware of the release of Swift 3 and will be making edits to the course in time. Please be aware that at this time the instruction is entirely with Swift 2.;
Statistical experiment design and analytics are at the heart of data science.  In this course you will design statistical experiments and analyze the results using modern methods.  You will also explore the common pitfalls in interpreting statistical arguments, especially those associated with big data.  Collectively, this course will help you internalize a core set of practical and effective machine learning methods and concepts, and apply them to solve some real world problems.Learning Goals: After completing this course, you will be able to:1. Design effective experiments and analyze the results2. Use resampling methods to make clear and bulletproof statistical arguments without invoking esoteric notation3. Explain and apply a core set of classification methods of increasing complexity (rules, trees, random forests), and associated optimization methods (gradient descent and variants)4. Explain and apply a set of unsupervised learning concepts and methods5. Describe the common idioms of large-scale graph analytics, including structural query, traversals and recursive queries, PageRank, and community detection;
NaN;
The data science revolution has produced reams of new data from a wide variety of new sources. These new datasets are being used to answer new questions in way never before conceived. Visualization remains one of the most powerful ways draw conclusions from data, but the influx of new data types requires the development of new visualization techniques and building blocks. This course provides you with the skills for creating those new visualization building blocks. We focus on the ggplot2 framework and describe how to use and extend the system to suit the specific needs of your organization or team. Upon completing this course, learners will be able to build the tools needed to visualize a wide variety of data types and will have the fundamentals needed to address new data types as they come about.;
Este curso te permitirá construir tu primer aplicación móvil profesional. Serás capaz de crear y controlar la vida de tus Activities y aprovechar el espacio en pantalla de los diferentes dispositivos Android implementando Fragments en tus aplicaciones. Dale persistencia a tu información utilizando todas las formas de almacenamiento que hay en Android desde un único archivo hasta una Base de Datos.Podrás evaluar lo aprendido por medio de ejercicios prácticos que te permitirán ir desarrollando tu aplicación.;
In this course, we discuss peer-to-peer protocols and local area networks. Part one in this course is to answer the question of how does a peer-to-peer protocol deliver reliable data transfer service across unreliable transmission lines or networks.  We focus on several medium access control protocols and their performance analysis. In the second part, we discuss how medium access control protocols coordinate the access to the communication channel so that information gets through from a source to a destination in the same broadcast local area network. We further discuss local area network and wireless LAN.;
Course 4 focuses on using git for open source software distributed development. Git is a revision control system which arose out of the Linux kernel development community. Git was designed to help developers spread across the globe working on complicated projects coordinate their work in a rational way and keep track of everything they were doing. Overtime, Git has grown to be used by millions of projects today. This course gives you the opportunity to learn how to use git efficiently and make contributions in a relatively short amount of time. It will cover:How to install gitHow to initialize a repositoryHow to make changes in a repositoryHow to make changes in repositories available to othersHow to acquire changes made by other individualsHow to find errors in your work and go back to earlier states of yoru projectsHow to make commits, diffs, merges, rebases.The course will help you get the skills to have a good understanding on how to use git. You will have a good knowledge about git workflows, identifying problems in your workflows, and finding solutions to solve these problems.;
CONGRATULATIONS! Not only did you accomplish to finish our intellectual tour de force, but, by now, you also already have all required skills to execute a comprehensive multi-method workflow of computational social science. We will put these skills to work in this final integrative lab, where we are bringing it all together. We scrape data from a social media site (drawing on the skills obtained in the 1st course of this specialization). We then analyze the collected data by visualizing the resulting networks (building on the skills obtained in the 3rd course). We analyze some key aspects of it in depth, using machine learning powered natural language processing (putting to work the insights obtained during the 2nd course). Finally, we use a computer simulation model to explore possible generative mechanism and scrutinize aspects that we did not find in our empirical reality, but that help us to improve this aspect of society (drawing on the skills obtained during the 4th course of this specialization). The result is the first glimpse at a new way of doing social science in a digital age: computational social science. Congratulations! Having done all of this yourself, you can consider yourself a fledgling computational social scientist!;
NaN;
This course helps you build understanding on key considerations for capacity planning and how to add and remove logical and physical capacity to the platform. Here you will learn how to add and remove logical elements such as Organizations, Environments and Virtual Hosts. It will also cover how to add new and remove components as well as how to add entire regions.The course will also cover the Apigee API Platform's monitoring capabilities, how to organize ideas for quickly detect and address failure scenarios as well as how to reach out to Apigee support for help.;
"The virtual reality and augmented reality industries are growing by leaps and bounds — but finding workers with the right skills can be a challenge." - CNBC report Virtual and Augmented Reality are poised to revolutionize how we interact with computers, with the world and with each other, and Unity is at the forefront of this technology, an estimated 90% of Samsung Gear VR games and 53% of Oculus Rift (games at launch) were Made With Unity. And according to labor market analytics company Burning Glass, "there’s nothing virtual about the jobs in this field. They’re here and now and very real." In this course, you'll learn how to design, develop, troubleshoot, and publish your own mobile VR applications in Unity for Google Daydream, Gear VR, or Oculus Go devices. Using the very latest techniques recommended by Unity's VR engineers, you'll build a complete VR environment that you can continue to use after the course, while learning to apply best practices in user experience, interaction, teleportation and navigation design for VR. In short, this course will take you from software developer to VR developer. This is the second of three courses in Unity's XR Specialization, which includes an Introduction to XR course as well as a planned course focused on developing handheld Augmented Reality (AR) applications with Unity. The course assumes that you already have experience developing applications with Unity and that you are comfortable with basic C# programming. It will also be helpful if you are familiar with building other types of apps to run on mobile devices.;
NaN;
Meeting another person is one of the most amazing experiences you can have in Virtual Reality. It is quite unlike communicating through any other medium except a real life face-to-face conversation. Because the other person is life size and shares a virtual space with you, body language works in a way that cannot be done on a flat screen. This course will enable you to create realistic social interactions in VR. You will learn about both the psychology of social interaction and the practical skills to implement it in Unity3D. We will take you through the basics of 3D character animation and how to create body language. You will learn about how to make characters that can respond to players’ speech and body language. You will also learn about avatars: the virtual representation of other players, and agents: computer controlled NPC characters and how to implement both of them. As many people have said before us, social is the future of VR. This course will help you become part of the future of Virtual Reality social experiences.;
As requirements are being gathered and prioritized, they also need to be documented. In Diagrammatic Notations and Software Requirements Specification Writing, we discuss and practice the process of turning requirements into something readable to the customers at a high level, and the developers.  When a designer or developer reads your document, they should be able to understand the overall idea, the scope, the domain, the resources, the expectations, and why alternative choices are not selected. To create a document in this way, you use a balance between storytelling (with pictures!) and complex diagrams.;
Este curso te dará ágil acceso a los conceptos del paradigma de programación orientado a objetos, utilizando el lenguaje de programación Python en su versión 3.0. Una vez  termines este curso, tendrás conocimiento tanto para el diseño de programas con objetos como para diagramar UML,  lo que te permitirá diseñar y construir sistemas con objetos, modelando cualquier aspecto de la realidad que desees. Además podrá hacer sistemas de calidad realizando pruebas automáticas del sistema y reestructuraciones del mismo . Aquí también podrás conocer cómo documentar el software y buenas prácticas de diseño.  Además, conocerás las ventajas de realizar pruebas automáticas del software y la técnica de programación Test Driven Development (TDD), la cual te será muy útil para hacer sistemas de calidad.;
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is the largest data generation machine for the time being. It doesn’t produce the big data, the data is gigantic. Just one of the four experiments generates thousands gigabytes per second. The intensity of data flow is only going to be increased over the time. So the data processing techniques have to be quite sophisticated and unique. In this course we’ll introduce students into the main concepts of the Physics behind those data flow so the main puzzles of the Universe Physicists are seeking answers for will be much more transparent. Of course we will scrutinize the major stages of the data processing pipelines, and focus on the role of the Machine Learning techniques for such tasks as track pattern recognition, particle identification, online real-time processing (triggers) and search for very rare decays. The assignments of this course will give you opportunity to apply your skills in the search for the New Physics using advanced data analysis techniques. Upon the completion of the course you will understand both the principles of the Experimental Physics and Machine Learning much better.Do you have technical problems? Write to us: coursera@hse.ru;
Наш курс посвящен самой популярной в мире системе управления контентом WordPress и предназначен для начинающих разработчиков сайтов. Он построен на примере выполнения реальной задачи: создание темы для Wordpress на основе готовой верстки главной страницы сайта вымышленной компании. Вместе с вами мы пройдем путь от установки WordPress до публикации сайта на хостинге, останавливаясь на наиболее важных моментах разработки сайта.Жестких требований к освоению курса нет. Мы придерживаемся мнения, что важнее понимание, чем умения. Умения вы отшлифуете со временем. А вот как правильно их использовать лучше узнать, как можно раньше. Понимание, как работает и для чего нужен WordPress, — это основа нашего курса. Но все же для успешного освоения материалов курса желательно знать:1.     На базовом уровне вёрстку: HTML5 и CSS32.     Основы программирования. Любого языка.3.     И jquery на уровне знакомства. Будет отлично, если вы можете поменять класс при нажатии на кнопку. В процессе прохождения данного курса вы:·       Научитесь работать с административной панелью WordPress·       Научитесь создавать темы и простые плагины·       Изучите основы языка программирования PHP·       Познакомитесь с оптимизацией сайта на WordPress По итогу курса, вы получите уникальный проект, который вы сможете использовать в портфолио. В конце курса вас ждет большое творческое задание.;
In this course, we will wear many hats. With our Attacker Hats on, we will exploit Injection issues that allow us to steal data, exploit Cross Site Scripting issues to compromise a users browser, break authentication to gain access to data and functionality reserved for the ‘Admins’, and even exploit vulnerable components to run our code on a remote server and access some secrets. We will also wear Defender Hats. We will dive deep in the code to fix the root cause of these issues and discuss various mitigation strategies. We do this by exploiting WebGoat, an OWASP project designed to teach penetration testing. WebGoat is a deliberately vulnerable application with many flaws and we take aim at fixing some of these issues. Finally we fix these issues in WebGoat and build our patched binaries. Together we will discuss online resources to help us along and find meaningful ways to give back to the larger Application Security community.;
Welcome to Lighting, Reflection, and Post-Processing Effects, the second course in the Unity Certified 3D Artist Specialization from Unity Technologies.The courses in this series will help you prepare for the Unity Certified 3D Artist exam, the professional certification for entry- to mid-level Unity artists. 3D artists are critical to the Unity development pipeline. They are a bridge between the programmers writing the application code and the designers or art directors who define the application’s aesthetics and style. In these courses, you will be challenged to complete realistic art implementation tasks in Unity that are aligned to the topics covered on the exam.In this second course, you will continue work on the Kitchen Configurator application - an app that lets users view a realistic rendering of a kitchen and swap out objects and materials to customize the design. The scene will really start to come to life as you add lighting effects including ambient lighting from a custom skybox, simulated sunlight, interior lights, and realistic reflections. Finally, you’ll use Unity’s Post-Processing Stack to add even more polish to the rendered scene. By the end of the course, you’ll have a scene ready for the next stage: adding interactions through scripts.This is an intermediate course, intended for people who are ready for their first paying roles as Unity 3D artists, or enthusiasts who would like to verify their skills against a professional standard. To succeed, you should have at least 1-2 years of experience implementing 3D art in Unity. You should be proficient at importing assets into Unity from Digital Content Creation (DCC) tools, prototyping scenes, working with lighting, and adding particles and effects. You should also have a basic understanding of 2D asset management, animation, and working with scripts. You should have experience in the full product development lifecycle, and understand multi-platform development, including for XR (AR and VR) platforms.;
Este curso te permitirá conocer qué son las bases de datos relacionales y aprender a trabajar con ellas. El lenguaje SQL que es utilizado en las bases de datos relacionales para trabajar en la definición de los datos y en la manipulación de los mismos será uno de los temas que abordarás.Luego, emprenderás el trabajo con base de datos y cómo hacerlo desde Python. En primer lugar utilizando la librería sqlite3, que forma parte de la biblioteca estándar de Python. Esta librería se conecta directamente a la base de datos y  puede ejecutar consultas con SQL desde Python. En segundo lugar, utilizarás la librería SQLAlchemy para poder tener un mapeo los modelos de nuestro sistema con la base de datos. Esta librería proporciona un mecanismo para realizar este mapeo de forma automática. De esta manera no hace falta estar escribiendo consultas SQL y hacer todo el mapeo manualmente.Una vez que completes este curso, podrás diseñar y construir sistemas que persistan los datos de su sistema en una base de datos relacional.;
Organizaciones tan diferentes como Amazon, Cemex o Costco utilizan el análisis de datos para una mejor toma de decisiones que les permita identificar a sus clientes más rentables, retener y contratar talento o bien optimizar sus cadenas de suministro. Lo cierto es que las organizaciones compiten ahora tomando decisiones basadas en la explotación de los datos y uso de métodos estadísticos. Sin embargo, la forma en que estos datos se obtienen, manipulan y utilizan, puede definir el fracaso o el éxito de estas organizaciones.El primer paso antes de convertir estos datos en información que agregue valor a la organización es recolectar y limpiar dichos datos. En este curso podrás reconocer y recolectar los tipos de datos disponibles de manera estructurada y no estructurada en el mundo de negocios actual,  así como preparar, aplicar y limpiar estos datos para su posterior explotación. Adicionalmente, serás capaz de realizar una exploración de los datos que te permita elaborar un análisis preliminar del proceso de negocio bajo estudio.Al  terminar este curso habrás desarrollado la capacidad de comprender y aplicar de manera efectiva las metodologías y técnicas relacionadas con la recopilación de datos, utilizando un software de última generación, como el Watson Analytics.Agradecemos a Fundación Televisa por su participación en la producción de este curso, con lo cual colabora a inspirar y desarrollar el potencial de las personas, a través de su compromiso con la educación y la cultura.;
Этот курс продолжает обучение тех, кто уже изучил основы JavaScript. На очереди не самые простые вещи: прототипы, конструкторы, асинхронный код, Node.js и DOM. По окончании обучения вы будете уметь программировать на JavaScript.Авторы курса — разработчики из Яндекса.;
In Elicitation: Artifact and Stakeholder Driven Analysis, you will learn to use both recorded and presently unrecorded knowledge in your elicitation techniques.  As you get started in finding out about the new product, you must first learn about the product that was (if there was one) and then learn about the system to be.  Oftentimes, you'll find yourself in an environment you know nothing about! This course will help you find ways to learn about the domain, the system that was, and the system to be.  Please review: "Who this class is for to determine if you are ready to take this graduate level course".;
Are you interested in predicting future outcomes using your data? This course helps you do just that! Machine learning is the process of developing, testing, and applying predictive algorithms to achieve this goal. Make sure to familiarize yourself with course 3 of this specialization before diving into these machine learning concepts. Building on Course 3, which introduces students to integral supervised machine learning concepts, this course will provide an overview of many additional concepts, techniques, and algorithms in machine learning, from basic classification to decision trees and clustering. By completing this course, you will learn how to apply, test, and interpret machine learning algorithms as alternative methods for addressing your research questions.;
Welcome to the course “Augmented Reality &amp, Video Service Emerging Technologies.” The level of AR (Augmented Reality) and advanced video &amp, multimedia technology included in a product is what determines the level of value and luxury. The objective of this course is to teach all important technologies that are used in state-of-the-art AR, Skype, and YouTube video and multimedia products and services. This includes the advanced video and real-time multimedia delivery mechanisms based on H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, MPEG-DASH, CDN, and mobile CDN. If you have knowledge of these core technologies, you can understand the operations that are used in every advanced video and multimedia system in the World. As the future World of business and products are driven to be more and more video and multimedia oriented, having knowledge of these core technologies will enable you to lead your company to become the true World leader in AR and video multimedia technology products, services, and business. Thus, I cordially welcome you into the beautiful and powerful World of advanced AR and video multimedia!;
This course will bring you up to speed with the fundamentals of 2D graphics and 3D graphics in Android.  This course provides the ideal primer for more advanced courses and applications, for example, OpenGL, as well as Virtual Reality in Android. This course is unique because it covers the key concepts and theory of 2D and 3D graphics while also showing you how to implement these in Android practically.  This provides a solid understanding and grasp of the subject matter which will be applicable in a variety of settings.  The final assignment will provide you with an artefact which you can use for your professional portfolio to evidence your skills.;
This capstone project course ties together the knowledge from three previous courses in IoT though embedded systems: Development of Real-Time Systems, Web Connectivity &amp, Security and Embedded Hardware and Operating Systems. The students will develop a larger system using the learning outcomes from these courses, and the students will evaluate the developed system in a real-world programming environment. This course is a true engineering task in which the student must, not only implement the algorithm code, but also handle the interfaces between many different actors and hardware platforms. The students will learn how to motivate engineering decisions and how to choose implementations to make a system actually running. The students will also learn to evaluate the efficiency and the correctness of their system as well as real-world parameters such as energy consumption and cost.;
Welcome to Character Setup and Animation, the fourth course in the Unity Certified 3D Artist Specialization from Unity Technologies.The courses in this series will help you prepare for the Unity Certified 3D Artist exam, the professional certification for entry- to mid-level Unity artists. 3D artists are critical to the Unity development pipeline. They are a bridge between the programmers writing the application code and the designers or art directors who define the application’s aesthetics and style. In these courses, you will be challenged to complete realistic art implementation tasks in Unity that are aligned to the topics covered on the exam.In courses 4 and 5, you will work on a sci-fi themed 3D adventure game. You’ll import assets and create effects that are more stylish and cartoony than the realistic kitchen in the previous courses. For this course, you will first import the assets for the main character, then get her animations working with an Animator Controller. Next, you’ll create a procedural camera to follow her movements using Unity’s Cinemachine system. Finally, you’ll learn how to use Unity’s Collaborate service for effective version control, and you’ll wrap up the course with a peer reviewed project.This is an intermediate course, intended for people who are ready for their first paying roles as Unity 3D artists, or enthusiasts who would like to verify their skills against a professional standard. To succeed, you should have at least 1-2 years of experience implementing 3D art in Unity. You should be proficient at importing assets into Unity from Digital Content Creation (DCC) tools, prototyping scenes, working with lighting, and adding particles and effects. You should also have a basic understanding of 2D asset management, animation, and working with scripts. You should have experience in the full product development lifecycle, and understand multi-platform development, including for XR (AR and VR) platforms.;
Welcome to Integrating Scripts for Scene Interactions, the third course in the Unity Certified 3D Artist Specialization from Unity Technologies.The courses in this series will help you prepare for the Unity Certified 3D Artist exam, the professional certification for entry- to mid-level Unity artists. 3D artists are critical to the Unity development pipeline. They are a bridge between the programmers writing the application code and the designers or art directors who define the application’s aesthetics and style. In these courses, you will be challenged to complete realistic art implementation tasks in Unity that are aligned to the topics covered on the exam.In this third course, you will complete work on the Kitchen Configurator application - an app that lets users view a realistic rendering of a kitchen and swap out objects and materials to customize the design. Now you’ll work on the allowing users to actually interact with your beautiful design. You’ll implement a User Interface (UI) in Unity and add some pre-written scripts to the project to make it interactive. Finally, you’ll adapt the project to VR with by bringing the UI into world space. By the end of the course, you’ll have a functioning Kitchen Configurator app that would be ready to take to the final stages of production and launch.This is an intermediate course, intended for people who are ready for their first paying roles as Unity 3D artists, or enthusiasts who would like to verify their skills against a professional standard. To succeed, you should have at least 1-2 years of experience implementing 3D art in Unity. You should be proficient at importing assets into Unity from Digital Content Creation (DCC) tools, prototyping scenes, working with lighting, and adding particles and effects. You should also have a basic understanding of 2D asset management, animation, and working with scripts. You should have experience in the full product development lifecycle, and understand multi-platform development, including for XR (AR and VR) platforms.;
In this MOOC,  we will learn about TOR basic concept and see how they protect the security and privacy of users and resist censorship. We will examine how TOR realize the anonymity and utilize its service by downloading and using Tor browser software. A recent attack on TOR’s application flow control called sniper attacks is analyzed.  We introduce the hidden service provided by TOR and show how it can be denonymized.  We will learn how to setup a hidden server to provide web service on AWS instance. We will also learn the best practices and operational security in providing the hidden services.  We will learn how to manage the hidden server using Tor circuit and configure the web server not to reveal the software version information.  We also show how it can be defended.   To improve TOR’s performance, we discuss the cloud based TOR and their implementation. By the end of this course, you should be able to utilize TOR browser to protect  your privacy, set up hidden service on current interface  that protect your servers and make it anonymous, you will choosing entry guards wisely since your adversary will try to attack them with DDoS traffic and force you to choose their relay as your entry and exit router. We will also learn the basic components of both censorship and censorship resistance systems, and the scheme deployed by these systems and their attacks.;
Risk Analysis, Assessment, and Prioritization looks at how you can manage conflicts at system levels, but it can also be applied to lower level assessments.   How do you manage and document conflict, along with alternatives?  In analyzing alternatives, you must consider risks.  In this course, we'll look into how to analyze risk, evaluate risk, document risks, and use this information for prioritization of requirements.  Qualitative and Quantitative approaches will be covered.;
Virtual Reality is one of the most exciting experiences that technology can give us. The immersion and presence you can have in VR is quite unlike any other medium. Like many others, you are excited about the possibilities of this new medium and want to get started developing your own VR experiences. This course will take you through all of the steps you need to create a VR game or other project. This is the final course in our Specialisation: Virtual Reality. The previous courses teach you the skills you need to make a VR game. This course brings them all together to create a project of your own. We will guide you through all the steps of a VR project: coming up with an idea, storyboarding, prototyping, testing and implementation. By the end of this course you will have a complete VR project that demonstrates your skills and could be the first step in creating a professional game. We hope this course can be your entry into professional VR development. To help you get started, some good advice always helps. That is why we have interviewed VR experts from all over the world, ranging from technology pioneers with over 30 years experience in VR to the latest cutting edge VR creators. We have asked all of them to give you their advice and we hope it inspires you to become part of the future of VR.;
Palo Alto Networks Cybersecurity Essentials IICourse Description: Essentials II provides the student with a full understanding of the fundamental tenants of cybersecurity and covers the general security concepts involved in maintaining a secure network computing environment. Students will fully learn the nature and scope of today’s cybersecurity challenges, strategies for network defense, as well as detailed information about next-generation cybersecurity solutions. Students will also deploy a variety of security methodologies as well as technologies and concepts used for implementing a secure network environment. Learning Objectives: Upon completion of this course, students will be able to: •	Demonstrate ability to assess and harden endpoints based on security policies.•	Describe uses of advanced malware research and analysis to provide enhanced protection for enterprise networks. •	Examine mobile and cloud-based connection technologies.;
The integration of ICT (information and communications technology) in different applications is rapidly increasing in e.g. Embedded and Cyber physical systems, Communication protocols and Transportation systems. Hence, their reliability and dependability increasingly depends on software. Defects can be fatal and extremely costly (with regards to mass-production of products and safety-critical systems).First, a model of the real system has to be built. In the simplest case, the model reflects all possible states that the system can reach and all possible transitions between states in a (labelled) State Transition System. When adding probabilities and discrete time to the model, we are dealing with so-called Discrete-time Markov chains which in turn can be extended with continuous timing to Continuous-time Markov chains. Both formalisms have been used widely for modeling and performance and dependability evaluation of computer and communication systems in a wide variety of domains. These formalisms are well understood, mathematically attractive while at the same time flexible enough to model complex systems. Model checking focuses on the qualitative evaluation of the model. As formal verification method, model checking analyzesthe functionality of the system model. A property that needs to be analyzed has to be specified in a logic with consistent syntax and semantics. For every state of the model, it is then checked whether the property is valid or not.The main focus of this course is on quantitative model checking for Markov chains, for which we will discuss efficient computational algorithms. The learning objectives of this course are as follows:- Express dependability properties for different kinds of transition systems .- Compute the evolution over time for Markov chains.- Check whether single states satisfy a certain formula and compute the satisfaction set for properties.;
In this capstone project we’ll combine  all of the skills from all four specialization courses to do something really fun: analyze social networks!  The opportunities for learning are practically endless in a social network.  Who are the “influential” members of the network?  What are the sub-communities in the network?   Who is connected to whom, and by how many links?   These are just some of the questions you can explore in this project.We will provide you with a real-world data set and some infrastructure for getting started, as well as some warm up tasks and basic project requirements, but then it’ll be up to you where you want to take the project.  If you’re running short on ideas, we’ll have several suggested directions that can help get your creativity and imagination going.  Finally, to integrate the skills you acquired in course 4 (and to show off your project!) you will be asked to create a video showcase of your final product.;
This course can also be taken for academic credit as ECEA 5387, part of CU Boulder’s Master of Science in Electrical Engineering degree.This is part 3 of the specialization. In this course students will learn :  * About SystemC and how it can be used to create models of cyber-physical systems in order to perform "what-if" scenarios  * About Trimble Engineering's embedded systems for heavy equipment automation  * A deeper understanding of embedded systems in the Automotive and Transportation market segment  * How to debug deeply embedded systems  * About Lauterbach's TRACE32 debugging tools  * How to promote technical ideas within a company  * What can be learned from studying engineering failures;
Финальный проект даст вам возможность применить полученные в рамках специализации знания к задаче из реального мира. Под руководством успешных специалистов в науке о данных вы сможете поработать над актуальным проектом в одной из областей: электронная коммерция, социальные медиа, информационный поиск, бизнес-аналитика и др.В отличие от задач, основанных на модельных данных, работа над проектом из реальной жизни даст вам возможность самостоятельно пройти все этапы анализа данных — от подготовки данных до построения финальной модели и оценки её качества. В результате в вашем арсенале появится проект, который вы сможете использовать на практике и самостоятельно развивать в дальнейшем.Наличие такого проекта станет вашим конкурентным преимуществом, ведь вы всегда сможете продемонстрировать успешный проект потенциальному работодателю.Видео курса разработаны на Python 2. Задания и ноутбуки к ним адаптированы к Python 3.;
学了C/C++ 语言，我们已经会编程解题了，那怎么用来处理实际的问题呢？怎么设计数据结构来有效地管理企业人员？如何编写程序没让人才和岗位达到最佳匹配？如何安排旅行计划，找到最佳行程路径？这些学习、工作、生活中常常困扰我们的问题，你将在《数据结构基础》课程中找到答案。数据结构是计算机程序设计的基础，告诉我们数据在计算机里是如何组织与存储的，能帮助我们刻画实际问题中的信息及其相互关系。当我们对一个实际问题本身有了一个结构化的认识之后，就可以选择合适的解决方法了。完成这门课之时，你将掌握线性表、栈与队列、字符串、二叉树、树、图等经典的数据结构，并运用这些基础数据结构和相关算法解决实际应用问题。扎实的数据结构知识是项目开发与结构层次设计的关键，学好这门课会让你在高年级的计算机专业课程以及毕业项目设计中事半功倍，同时也将为你成为一名优秀的程序设计人员打下坚实的基础。附：本课程的内容来自教材：《数据结构与算法》（张铭、王腾蛟、赵海燕 编著），高等教育出版社，2008年。;
Since many software developers are compulsive coders, they have created software over the years to help them do their job.  There are tools which make design and its associated tasks easier.  The course introduces some basic tools and techniques to help you with design.  Tools aren’t always tangible, however.  The last two lessons of this course discuss questions of Ethics in software development. The purpose here is, as with tools, to equip you to better carry our your responsibilities as a designer. Students will be required to have a prior knowledge of writing and delivering software and some programming knowledge in java.;
The design step in developing software has some unique characteristics.  First of all, it’s the only step where drawing pictures of things is the norm.  Why is that?  What do pictures do that other representations cannot do?  Pictures have varying levels of detail, pictures have context.  Pictures…paint a picture.  Why are these things important?  In this course, too, we begin looking at other disciplines (building architecture is a favorite one) for lessons on design.;
Welcome to Unity Services Implementation, the final course in Unity's Gameplay Programming Specialization! This course is exam preparation for Unity's Expert Gameplay Programmer Certification Exam. This course will challenge you with a series of realistic programming problems in Unity video-game projects, inspired by one or more of the topics covered in the Expert Gameplay Programmer Exam. Throughout this course, you will learn Unity Services Implementation techniques, including: streamlining your project management with Unity Cloud Build, monetization with Unity Ads and in-app purchases, and Unity Analytics. By the end of this course, you will implement in-app purchases for a 3D "Dual-Stick Survivor" game project.  This is an advanced-level course, intended for industry game developers or very experienced Unity enthusiasts who are looking to “level-up” their gameplay programming and implementation strategies. To succeed in this courses, you should have at least 2-3 years of experience developing games with Unity. You should be familiar with the full-game lifecycle (working from early concept to launch), creating and working with Prefabs, understanding game asset and animation pipelines, and have some experience with Unity Services. You should also have advanced programming skills, particularly in the C# language.;
Welcome to Performance Optimization in Unity, the fourth course in Unity's Gameplay Programming Specialization! This course is exam preparation for Unity's Expert Gameplay Programmer Certification Exam. This course will challenge you with a series of realistic programming problems in Unity video-game projects, inspired by one or more of the topics covered in the Expert Gameplay Programmer Exam. Throughout this course, you will learn various optimization techniques, including: optimizing for different platforms, understanding how platform differences can impact gameplay, using Asset Bundle configuration tools, gameplay debugging, and rendering optimization. By the end of this course, you will optimize a 3D "Dual-Stick Survivor" game project for WebGL. This is an advanced-level course, intended for industry game developers or very experienced Unity enthusiasts who are looking to “level-up” their gameplay programming and implementation strategies. To succeed in this courses, you should have at least 2-3 years of experience developing games with Unity. You should be familiar with the full-game lifecycle (working from early concept to launch), creating and working with Prefabs, understanding game asset and animation pipelines, and have some experience with Unity Services. You should also have advanced programming skills, particularly in the C# language.;
Вы уже умеете работать с такими базовыми и простыми сущностями, как:Context, xml, Activity, Fragment, SharedPreferences, различные View и так далее. Но этого не достаточно, чтобы написать хоть какое-то приложение, которое будет востребовано на рынке. В этом курсе мы:* Рассмотрим как можно грамотно выстроить взаимодействие с многопоточностью в приложении* Вспомним про инструменты и классы для работы с многопоточности из Java : Thread, Runnable, Callable, Future, Executors* Рассмотрим работу инструментов для обеспечения многопоточности в Android AsynсTask, паттерн HaMeR, он же Handler-* * * Message-Runnable, Loader, ContentProvider* Научимся правильно работать со списками* Познакомимся с Room, чтобы вы имели представление о том, как должна происходить работа с БД.* Научимся работать с сетью, расскажем и покажем стандарты в нашей области - okhttp3 и retrofit2* Познакомим вас с миром реактивного программирования.;
Welcome to 3D Art and Audio Pipeline, the third course in the Unity Certified Programmer Specialization from Unity Technologies.This course will help you prepare for the Unity Certified Programmer exam, the professional certification for entry to mid-level Unity programmers. Unity is used to create real-time 3D applications for many industries, including video games, automotive, film, training, and more. In this course, you will be challenged to solve realistic Unity programming problems that are aligned to topics covered on the exam. In the fourth course, you will build on the Stealth application started in course 3. As a programmer, you work with artists and art assets, and this course will challenge you with some basic art implementation tasks, as well as with modifying art and audio assets at runtime. For example, you’ll implement a “red alert” mode of the game, where the lighting will change and an alarm will sound. Finally, we’ll review the high level considerations you would face to add networked features to this app, or to adapt it to a Virtual Reality or Augmented Reality platform.This is an intermediate course, intended for people who are ready for their first paying roles as Unity programmers, or enthusiasts who would like to verify their skills against a professional standard. To succeed, you should have at least 1-2 years of experience programming interactive applications in Unity. You should be proficient at programming in the C# language and familiar with Unity's scripting APIs. You should have experience in the full product development lifecycle, from concept to launch (and beyond). And you should understand multi-platform development, including deploying applications to XR (AR and VR) platforms.;
Welcome to 3D Interactions and Navigation, the third course in the Unity Certified Programmer Specialization from Unity Technologies.This course will help you prepare for the Unity Certified Programmer exam, the professional certification for entry to mid-level Unity programmers. Unity is used to create real-time 3D applications for many industries, including video games, automotive, film, training, and more. In this course, you will be challenged to solve realistic Unity programming problems that are aligned to topics covered on the exam. In the third course, you will start development on a new 3D application: Stealth. In this application, a 3D stealth-style game, the user guides a 3D character through a maze-like environment filled with hazards in an attempt to avoid detection. In implementing this application, you will review and practice many of the skills covered in the exam, including setting up navigation meshes and agents, working with 3D character animation, scripting camera movement, and more.This is an intermediate course, intended for people who are ready for their first paying roles as Unity programmers, or enthusiasts who would like to verify their skills against a professional standard. To succeed, you should have at least 1-2 years of experience programming interactive applications in Unity. You should be proficient at programming in the C# language and familiar with Unity's scripting APIs. You should have experience in the full product development lifecycle, from concept to launch (and beyond). And you should understand multi-platform development, including deploying applications to XR (AR and VR) platforms.;
In this final course you will complete a Capstone Project using data analysis to recommend a method for improving profits for your company, Watershed Property Management, Inc. Watershed is responsible for managing thousands of residential rental properties throughout the United States. Your job is to persuade Watershed’s management team to pursue a new strategy for managing its properties that will increase their profits. To do this, you will: (1) Elicit information about important variables relevant to your analysis, (2) Draw upon your new MySQL database skills to extract relevant data from a real estate database, (3) Implement data analysis in Excel to identify the best opportunities for Watershed to increase revenue and maximize profits, while managing any new risks, (4) Create a Tableau dashboard to show Watershed executives the results of a sensitivity analysis, and (5) Articulate a significant and innovative business process change for Watershed based on your data analysis, that you will recommend to company executives. Airbnb, our Capstone’s official Sponsor, provided input on the project design. The top 10 Capstone completers each year will have the opportunity to present their work directly to senior data scientists at Airbnb live for feedback and discussion."Note: Only learners who have passed the four previous courses in the specialization are eligible to take the Capstone.";
You will learn to extend your knowledge of making iOS apps so that they can securely interact with web services and receive push notifications. You'll learn how to store data securely on a device using Core Data.  You’ll also learn to securely deploy apps to the App Store and beta users over-the-air.The format of the course is through a series of code tutorials.  We will walk you through the creation of several apps that you can keep as a personal app toolbox.  When you make your own apps after this course, you can bring in these capabilities as needed.  When necessary we pop out of the code tutorials to talk about concepts at a higher level so that what you are programming makes sense.Upon completing this course, you will be able to:1.       Post Facebook, Twitter, Sina Weibo, Tencent Weibo messages to social media using single sign-on on behalf of a user.2.       Use OAuth 2.0 to securely authenticate to Instagram and retrieve photos on behalf of a user3.       JSON4.       Describe JSON’s syntax5.       Write well-formed JSON6.       Work with JSON data objects in Objective-C7.       Appropriately set the security settings for App Transport Security in iOS 9.08.       Use http, https and https with perfect forward secrecy to fetch web resources9.       Obtain permissions to receive local push notifications11.       Write an app that can send and receive local push notifications12.       Obtain permissions to receive remote push notifications13.       Write an app that can receive remote push notifications14.       Authenticate using Apple’s cryptographic services such that the developer can use 3rd party infrastructure to send remote push notifications to their app.15.       Securely store data on the user’s device.16.       Authenticate using Apple’s cryptographic services such that they can deploy an app to the app store;
NaN;
Welcome to Creating Cutscenes in Unity, the fifth course in the Unity Certified 3D Artist Specialization from Unity Technologies.The courses in this series will help you prepare for the Unity Certified 3D Artist exam, the professional certification for entry- to mid-level Unity artists. 3D artists are critical to the Unity development pipeline. They are a bridge between the programmers writing the application code and the designers or art directors who define the application’s aesthetics and style. In these courses, you will be challenged to complete realistic art implementation tasks in Unity that are aligned to the topics covered on the exam.In course 5, you will continue your work on the sci-fi themed 3D adventure game and create an animated cutscene for the game. You’ll construct an environment for the cutscene from the game’s assets, manage LOD groups for optimal graphics performance, add particle effects, block out the cameras that will capture the action, and finally animate the cameras and objects to generate the scene. Oh, and for those players that just can’t sit through cutscenes, you’ll wire up a “skip” button so that they can jump into the action.This is an intermediate course, intended for people who are ready for their first paying roles as Unity 3D artists, or enthusiasts who would like to verify their skills against a professional standard. To succeed, you should have at least 1-2 years of experience implementing 3D art in Unity. You should be proficient at importing assets into Unity from Digital Content Creation (DCC) tools, prototyping scenes, working with lighting, and adding particles and effects. You should also have a basic understanding of 2D asset management, animation, and working with scripts. You should have experience in the full product development lifecycle, and understand multi-platform development, including for XR (AR and VR) platforms.;
在信息化社会，充分有效地管理和利用各类信息资源，是进行科学研究和决策管理的前提。数据库技术是有效地管理和利用各类信息资源的重要技术手段。通过本课程，你将获得数据库技术的基本知识，学会通过SQL Server数据库管理系统管理数据，包括安装数据库管理系统，创建数据库和数据表，插入数据和维护数据等，特别是可以使用SQL Server按各种条件查询需要的信息。;
本课程讲述C#的全部语法，学习如何使用C#编写控制台程序。内容涉及数组、方法、类与对象等知识。课程同时讲述面向对象的编程思想，学习如何使用类和对象构建程序。课程同时也会简单讨论 .NET的架构和简单的数据结构和算法。本课程的学习重点是2个：（1）C#的语法（2）面向对象的编程方法。课程使用大量的例子来讲述，引导学习者由易到难，由浅入深的掌握整个课程的内容。本课程不需要有其他语言的编程经验。通过本课程的学习，你将真正进入程序设计的世界。;
VERSIÓN EN ESPAÑOL¿Cómo se estructura y funciona un programa de videojuego? Es lo que comúnmente se conoce como 'gameplay', y que constituirá nuestro núcleo de estudio en este curso. Su análisis detallado nos permitirá comprender su importancia, y qué funcionalidades debe tener. Analizaremos también la interface gráfica del usuario (GUI), que finalmente condiciona el hecho de que el jugador pueda interaccionar correctamente con el videojuego. Para definir y comprender mejor los conceptos se usan ejemplos y referentes de videojuegos de la industria.En breve el curso dispondrá de subtítulos en inglés._________________ENGLISH VERSIONHow does a video game program work and structure? We call this gameplay, and it will be the main point on this course. Its detailed analysis will allow us to understand its importance and what functions it has to have. We will also analyze the Graphics User Interface -GUI- that finally conditions the player's correct interaction with the game. To properly define and understand the concepts we will use examples and referents on the video game's industry.English subtitles will be soon available.;
This course is an ideal introduction into creating virtual environments in Android.  This course is unique as it covers a range of tools and techniques to create immersive 3D environments, giving you a rounded skill set in this growing field.  By the end of this course, you will really be able to bring your VR ideas to life!  The first part of the course covers animation, lighting and reflection.  We then move onto textures and handling multiple 3D objects.  Finally, we'll look at housing all of this within a binocular view to create a VR experience. There are practical exercises throughout the course to apply your understanding, and there is a summative project which can form part of your professional portfolio.This course assumes a knowledge of Android programming and OpenGL. I recommend completing my two Coursera courses on these topics, as these are the perfect primer.;
学习了基本的数据结构后，我们已经可以用程序来解决现实中的一些问题了。但是，怎样提升程序在运行效率呢？如何快速地把图书按序号从小到大整理好？如何通过一个ID编号在数据库中高效地查找相对应的信息？如何迅速找到所有内容中含有“数据结构”的文档？《高级数据结构与算法》将通过使用高级的数据结构和高效的算法，让你学会如何解决这些对运行时间要求比较严格的问题。	高级数据结构和算法能够根据实际情况，满足一些复杂问题对数据规模、运行时间的要求，帮助我们更有效地解决问题。当我们面对实际问题的时候，高级数据结构和算法让我们有更广泛的空间，选择出与问题本身最为契合的数据结构，并利用相关算法来提升运行效率。	完成这门课之时，你将掌握多维数组、广义表、Trie树、AVL树、伸展树等高级数据结构，并结合内排序、外排序、检索、索引有关的算法，高效地解决现实生活中一些比较复杂的应用问题。合理使用这些高级数据结构和相关算法是程序运行效率的关键因素，学好这门课会让你在之后的计算机专业课程以及项目设计中更得心应手，同时也将让你站在更高的角度去理解问题、设计程序。;
En este curso se ofrece una introducción a la composición musical a partir de líneas de código, particularmente en el ambiente de programación SuperCollider.A partir de una revisión de algunas de las principales herramientas de SuperCollider, el estudiante aprenderá a construir instrumentos digitales como sintetizadores y procesadores de sonido, así como secuenciadores algorítmicos, todo esto con el fin de generar sus propias composiciones.;
NaN;
Welcome to the specialization course of Designing data-intensive applications. This course will be completed on four weeks, it will be supported with videos and exercises.By the end of this specialization, learners will be able to propose, design, justify and develop high reliable information systems according to type of data and volume of information, response time, type of processing and queries in order to support scalability, maintainability, security and reliability considering the last information technologies.Software to download:MySQL Workbench RapidminerHadoop framework HortonworksMongoDBIn case you have a Mac / IOS operating system you need to perform an action called VirtualBox.;
Have you wondered how “Things” talk to each other and the cloud? Do you understand the alternatives for conveying latency-sensitive real time data versus reliable signaling data? Building on the skills from the Sensing and Actuation course, we will explore protocols to exchange information between processors. In this course, you will learn how VoIP systems like Skype work and implement your own app for voice calls and text messages.  You will start by using the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) for session management. Next, you will learn how voice codecs such as Adaptive Multi Rate (AMR) are used in 3G networks and use them for voice traffic in your app. Learning Goals: After completing this course, you will be able to:1.	Implement session initiation, management and termination on your DragonBoard™ 410c using SIP.2.	Discover other users and exchange device capabilities.3.	Compare and contrast narrowband and wideband codecs and experience the voice quality differences between them.4.	Implement and demonstrate VoIP calls using the DragonBoard 410c.;
In this fourth of our five courses, I will go deeper into the training and education leadership skills that are helpful for nursing informatics leaders. I will also guide you through the process of preparing a course document or syllabus for the nursing informatics specialty both in academic settings and in practice or industry.Following are the course objectives:1. Describe relevant nursing informatics course development in clinical and academic settings to understand similarities and differences in informatics teaching and education across settings.2. Describe informatics education and training needs for diverse participants with various experience levels to enable development of appropriate training and education materials.3. Develop a prototype course syllabus and introductory recorded message to apply learning in a simulated setting.4. Describe the benefits of formal and informal mentoring for nursing informaticians to advance career opportunities and support the nursing informatics specialty.;
NaN;
في هذه الدورة التدريبية، سوف تتعلم ثلاث لغات رئيسية من لغات برمجة مواقع الويب وتصميمها: وهي HTML وCSS وJavaScript. وستقوم بإنشاء صفحة ويب باستخدام العناصر الأساسية للتحكم في التخطيط والنمط. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، ستدعم صفحة الويب التي تقوم بإنشائها ميزة التفاعل. في نهاية الدورة التدريبية، ستتمكن من القيام بما يلي:1. تحديد الغرض من HTML وCSS وJavaScript‏2. إنشاء صفحة ويب بسيطة باستخدام HTML‏3. استخدام CSS للتحكم في أنماط النص وتخطيطه4. استخدام مكتبات CSS مثل Bootstrap لإنشاء تخطيطات متجاوبة5. استخدام متغيرات JavaScript ووظائفها6. معالجة محتوى صفحة الويب باستخدام JavaScript7.الرد على إدخالات المستخدم باستخدام JavaScriptفي هذه الدورة التدريبية، ستكمل ما يلي:واجبان يتعلقان بكتابة HTML وCSS وJavaScript، ويستغرق إكمال كل منهما ساعة واحدة4 اختبارات، يستغرق إكمال كل منها 20 دقيقةتمرين واحد متعلق بالبرمجة، يستغرق إكماله 30 دقيقةاختبارات تدريبية متعددة، يستغرق كل منها 5 دقائقلن يتم منحك ساعات معتمدة في برامج جامعة لندن مقابل المشاركة في هذه الدورة التدريبية عبر الإنترنت أو إتمامها.;
You pick up your iPhone while waiting in line at a coffee shop. You google a not-so-famous actor, get linked to a Wikipedia entry listing his recent movies and popular YouTube clips of several of them. You check out user reviews on Amazon and pick one, download that movie on BitTorrent or stream that in Netflix. But suddenly the WiFi logo on your phone is gone and you're on 3G. Video quality starts to degrade, but you don't know if it's the server getting crowded or the Internet is congested somewhere. In any case, it costs you $10 per Gigabyte, and you decide to stop watching the movie, and instead multitask between sending tweets and calling your friend on Skype, while songs stream from iCloud to your phone. You're happy with the call quality, but get a little irritated when you see there're no new followers on Twitter. You may wonder how they all kind of work, and why sometimes they don't. Take a look at the list of 20 questions below. Each question is selected not just for its relevance to our daily lives, but also for the core concepts in the field of networking illustrated by its answers. This course is about formulating and answering these 20 questions.All the features of this course are available for free.  It does not offer a certificate upon completion.;
Este es el primer curso en una línea de especialización de Coursera que trata el desarrollo de aplicaciones Web. Este curso le dará los conocimienots básicos, la terminología y los conceptos fundamentales que son necesarios para construir aplicaciones web integradas modernas. Un desarrollador de aplicaciones web integradas está familiarizado con cada "capa" de las tecnologías de software que participan en una aplicación web, incluidas las tecnologías de modelado de datos y bases de datos, los componentes del entorno de servidor web y middleware, protocolos de red, la interfaz de usuario y diseño visual básicos, y los conceptos de interacción del usuario.En este curso vamos a aprender practicando. Vamos a empezar por el aprendizaje de los principales componentes de las arquitecturas de aplicaciones web, junto con los patrones de diseño fundamentales y filosofías que se utilizan para organizarlos. El alumno construirá y perfeccionará continuamente una aplicación web integrada totalmente funcional a medida que avanzamos a través de los módulos de este curso. En el camino el alumno levará a cabo prácticas ágiles de desarrollo de softwar, numerosas herramientas que los ingenieros de software deben sabe cómo utilizar, y un marco de desarrollo de aplicaciones web integradas modernas.;
مقدمة عن البيانات الضخمةهل أنت مهتم بزيادة معرفتك بأبرز سمات البيانات الضخمة؟ هذه الدورة التدريبية مخصصة للمستجدين في علوم البيانات والمهتمين بفهم أسباب ظهور عصر البيانات الضخمة. فهي مخصصة لمن يريدون الإلمام بالمصطلحات والمفاهيم الأساسية الخاصة بمشكلات البيانات الضخمة وتطبيقاتها وأنظمتها. إنها لمن يريدون البدء في التفكير بشأن الطريقة التي يمكن أن تفيدهم البيانات الضخمة بها في عملهم أو مسيرتهم المهنية. حيث تتعرض مقدمة عن أحد أكثر أطر العمل الشائعة ألا وهو Hadoop، والذي زاد من سهولة تحليل البيانات الضخمة وإمكانية الوصول إليها، فقد زاد من احتمالية تطوير البيانات الضخمة لعالمنا!وفي نهاية الدورة التدريبية، ستتمكن مما يلي:*  وصف أبرز سمات البيانات الضخمة بما في ذلك الأمثلة على مشكلات البيانات الضخمة على أرض الواقع التي تتضمن ثلاثة مصادر أساسية للبيانات الضخمة وهي الأفراد والمؤسسات وأدوات الاستشعار.* شرح خصائص البيانات الضخمة التي تبدأ بالحرف V مثل (volume (الحجم)، وvelocity (السرعة)، وvariety (التنوع)، وveracity (الصحة)، وvalence (التكافؤ)، وvalue (القيمة)) ولماذا تؤثر كل خاصية من تلك الخصائص في جمع البيانات ومتابعتها وتخزينها وتحليلها والإبلاغ عنها* الاستفادة بقيمة البيانات الضخمة عن طريق استخدام عملية مكونة من 5 خطوات لهيكلة تحليلك. * تحديد المشكلات التي تندرج تحت البيانات الضخمة والتي لا تندرج تحتها، والقدرة على إعادة تشكيل مشكلات البيانات الضخمة مثل مسائل علوم البيانات.* تقديم تفسير للمكونات الهندسية والنماذج البرمجية التي تستخدم في التحليل القابل للتوسيع للبيانات الضخمة.* تلخيص ميزات المكونات الأساسية لمكدس Hadoop وقيمتها بما في ذلك مورد YARN ونظام إدارة الوظائف، ونظام ملفات HDFS، ونموذج برمجة MapReduce.* تثبيت البرامج وتشغيلها باستخدام إطار عمل Hadoop!هذه الدورة التدريبية موجهة للمستجدين في علوم البيانات.  لا يلزم توافر خبرة برمجية مسبقة، على الرغم من ضرورة توافر القدرة على تثبيت التطبيقات واستخدام الأجهزة الظاهرية لإنجاز الواجبات العملية.  متطلبات الأجهزة:(أ) معالج رباعي النواة (يوصى بمعالج يدعم ميزة VT-x أو AMD-V)، 64 بت؛ (ب) ذاكرة وصول عشوائي بحجم 8 جيجابايت؛ (ج) مساحة خالية بحجم 20 جيجابايت. طريقة العثور على معلومات الأجهزة: (نظام Windows): افتح النظام عن طريق الضغط على زر Start (بدء التشغيل)، وانقر بزر الفأرة الأيمن على أيقونة Computer (جهاز الكمبيوتر)، ثم انقر على Properties (خصائص)؛ (نظام Mac): افتح Overview (نظرة عامة) عن طريق الضغط على قائمة Apple والنقر على "About This Mac." سيتوفر الحد الأدنى من المتطلبات في معظم أجهزة الكمبيوتر ذات الذاكرة العشوائية سعة 8 جيجابايت والتي تم شراؤها في آخر 3 أعوام. وستحتاج إلى سرعة اتصال عالية بالإنترنت لأنك ستقوم بتنزيل ملفات يصل حجمها إلى 4 جيجابايت.المتطلبات البرمجية: تعتمد هذه الدورة التدريبية على العديد من الأدوات البرمجية مفتوحة المصدر، ومنها Apache Hadoop. ويمكن تنزيل جميع البرامج المطلوبة وتثبيتها مجانًا.تتضمن المتطلبات البرمجية ما يلي: Windows 7+ أو Mac OS X 10.10+ أو Ubuntu 14.04+ أو CentOS 6+ VirtualBox 5+.;
Learn to deploy and run Microsoft Windows® applications on Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Through lectures and hands-on labs, learn how to configure and run Microsoft Windows and Microsoft SQL Server in Google Compute Engine. You will also learn how to develop and deploy ASP.NET applications and deploy them to Google Compute Engine, Google App Engine, and Google Container Engine.Course objectivesThis course teaches participants the following skills:• Configuring Microsoft Windows and Microsoft SQL Server in Google Compute Engine• Deploying ASP.NET MVC applications to Google Compute Engine• Deploying .NET Core applications to Google Compute Engine, Google Compute Engine, and Google Container EnginePre-requisites• System-administration or application-development experience with Microsoft Windows• A general familiarity with cloud computing;
Optimization is a common form of decision making, and is ubiquitous in our society. Its applications range from solving Sudoku puzzles to arranging seating in a wedding banquet.  The same technology can schedule planes and their crews, coordinate the production of steel, and organize the transportation of iron ore from the mines to the ports. Good decisions in manpower and material resources management also allow corporations to improve profit by millions of dollars.  Similar problems also underpin much of our daily lives and are part of determining daily delivery routes for packages, making school timetables, and delivering power to our homes. Despite their fundamental importance, all of these problems are a nightmare to solve using traditional undergraduate computer science methods.This course is intended for students who have completed Basic Modelling for Discrete Optimization. In this course you will learn much more about solving challenging discrete optimization problems by stating the problem in a state-of-the-art high level modeling language, and letting library constraint solving software do the rest.  This course will focus on debugging and improving models, encapsulating parts of models in predicates, and tackling advanced scheduling and packing problems. As you master this advanced technology, you will be able to tackle problems that were inconceivable to solve previously.Watch the course promotional video here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hc3cBvtrem0&amp,t=8s;
Ce « cours » n'est pas un cours au sens strict du terme mais un projet.La pratique étant essentielle dans l'apprentissage de programmation,nous avons conçu de cours-projet pour vous permettre de consolider vosacquis en programmation Java. Il est décomposé en 14 étapes (sur 7semaines) dont le but est de vous permettre de mettre en pratique, àgrande échelle, les concepts et techniques appris dans nos deuxprécédents MOOCs (https://www.coursera.org/learn/initiation-programmation-java/ et https://www.coursera.org/learn/programmation-orientee-objet-java/)    Les principaux objectifs visés :+ d'exposer d'avantage certaines problématiques typiques de conception OO,  difficiles à illustrer sur des exercices simples ,+ d'introduire par la pratique certaines méthodologies de  conception (ce que l'on appelle des patrons de conception) ,+ de vous apprendre à mettre en oeuvre une approche incrémentale  et des tests progressifs lors de l'élaboration de programmes de  plus grande envergure.Ce que vous aurez à faire c'est, étape par étape, de+ lire et comprendre la donnée,+ comprendre les problématiques de conception sous-jacentes et  comment nous vous proposons de les résoudre,+ coder votre solution,+ et enfin, bien sûr, la soumettre au correcteur automatique.    Ainsi progressivement vous développerez tout un projet, en l’occurrencela simulation d'une colonie de fourmis, tout en approfondissant vosconnaissances OO.;
Have you ever experienced software systems failing? Websites crash, calendar not synchronising, or even a power blackout. Of course you have! But did you know that many of these errors are the result of communication errors either within a system or between systems? Depending on the system, the impact of software failures can be huge, even resulting in massive economic damage or loss of lives. Software, and in particular the communication between software-intensive systems, is very complex and very difficult to get right. However, we _need_ dependability in the systems we use, directly or indirectly, to support us in our everyday lives.System Validation helps you to design embedded system behaviour that is structurally sound. It also enforces you to make the behaviour simple and insightful, systems that are designed for sound behaviour are also much easier to maintain and adapt. System Validation is the field that studies the fundamentals of system communication and information processing. The techniques put forward in system validaton allow to prove the absence of errors. This first course ’Automata and behavioural equivalences', builds the foundation of the subsequent courses, showing you how to look at system behaviour as state machines. It discusses behavioural equivalences and illustrate these in a number of examples and quizzes. This course explains labelled transition systems or automata to model behaviour for especially software controlled systems. An important question is when two behaviours represented by such automata are equal. The answer to this question is not at all straightforward, but the resulting equivalences are used as powerful tools to simplify complex behaviour. This allows us to exactly investigate and understand the behavioural properties of such systems precisely. Especially, in the combination with hiding of behaviour, equivalence reduction is a unique technique to obtain insight in the behaviour of systems, far more effective than simulation or testing. Using this insight we can make the models correct. Such models form an excellent basis for the production of concise, reliable and maintainable software.This course is part I of the set of courses for System Validation. System Validation, as a set of courses, is part of a larger EIT Digital online programme called 'Internet of Things through Embedded Systems'.;
C#（又称csharp)是一种优秀的面向对象语言，它继承了C++和Java等语言的优点，在Windows图形用户界面、Web应用、数据库等方面有着广泛的应用。本课程在介绍C#语言及面向对象的程序设计基本原理的基础上，使用Visual Studio作为开发工具，介绍C#对各种常见的信息的处理方法，包括文本处理、图形绘制、图像处理、多媒体、网络信息获取、数据库应用等。课程中除了理论知识外，更注重上机编程实践，程序示例紧密结合日常的学习和工作，生动有趣，难度适中。本课程要求学习者学过一门程序语言（如C语言等）。;
В этом блоке мы и займемся изучением распространенных архитектурных подходов.Мы изучим MVP и MVVM, сначала свои реализации, а потом с помощью специальных библиотек , Moxy и архитектурных компонентов. Изучим внедрение зависимостей, что это такое и зачем оно нужно. Разберем библиотеки, помогающие с DI , это Dagger2 и Toothpick.В конце концов разберем парадигму Clean Architecture, она же Чистая архитектура, которая задает жесткие рамки для разработчика, но в то же время награждает его абсолютным контролем над проектом.;
The Capstone project integrates material from throughout the Android App Development Specialization to exercise and assess the ability of learners to create an interesting Android app. Learners will apply knowledge and skills learned in previous MOOCs in this Specialization, including Java programming features, Android activity, broadcast receiver, service, and content provider (plus SQLite) components, and unit, integration, and user interface testing. The project itself is similar in scope to previous assignments in the earlier MOOCs in the Specialization.  However, it is intentionally designed to enable learners to create a customized app that demonstrates their creativity and mastery of the Specialization topics.;
For your Responsive Website Development and Design Specialization Capstone Project, you will create a complete, responsive, multi-user, data-driven website which aims to solve a particular problem. We encourage you to create a website addressing a problem that you are interested in!  However, if you don’t have an idea of your own, we have several that we will suggest in the course.  In the capstone project, you will:1. Develop a complete website using the full range of skills learned during the specialisation2. Work through a structured process from idea generation to product delivery3. Document and receive feedback on the development of your project from an idea to a fully functional piece of software in a series of structured assignments including peer interactionsParticipation in or completion of this online course will not confer academic credit for University of London programmes.;